abbess,script,illiberal,extinguish,mother superior
abbot,solar,introvert,paramount,archimandrite
abdicate,stripling,nonchalance,reprobate,renounce
abdominal,drudgery,overtone,enumerate,ab
aberration,epidemic,momentary,allot,deviance
abeyance,punctilious,subside,overlord,suspension
abhorrence,memorable,aroma,abominable,abomination
abhorrent,expressive,licentious,disappoint,detestable
abidance,apology,swarthy,regicide,conformity
abject,iliad,morale,inanimate,low
abjure,recede,kiln,plea,recant
abnegate,subterranean,abet,isothermal,deny
abnormal,gesture,corrosive,passible,unnatural
abominable,provincial,syllable,extrajudicial,detestable
abominate,literacy,pledgee,convulsion,abhor
abomination,inconceivable,recidivist,ligament,abhorrence
aboriginal,discernible,hilarious,imaginable,native Australian
aborigines,bevel,triplicate,festive,native
abrade,simulate,irritable,ferocity,corrade
abrasion,evade,queue,agile,scratch
abridgment,lough,courtesy,apposition,condensation
abrupt,confluent,jubilation,magistracy,disconnected
abscission,deteriorate,modify,rearrange,cutting off
abscond,imbrue,asperity,disservice,bolt
absolution,invert,vestige,compress,remission
absolve,ordination,impersonal,intercept,shrive
absorb,involution,theism,expedite,assimilate
absorption,felicity,wearisome,uncommon,soaking up
abstain,floral,prostrate,disburse,refrain
abstemious,exemplar,liquidate,heathenish,light
abstruse,projection,perigee,compulsory,deep
absurd,aqueduct,despondent,navigate,cockeyed
abusive,thermoelectricity,sustenance,oration,opprobrious
abut,extemporaneous,venerate,recline,border
abyss,gravity,pompous,briticism,expiate
academic,redoubtable,aroma,chasten,faculty member
academician,relish,litigious,fulminate,schoolman
academy,magnitude,scribble,incarcerate,honorary society
accede,diplomatist,wrangle,diminution,submit
accelerate,expectancy,canine,expostulate,speed up
accept,successor,excerpt,rancor,take
access,multiform,malediction,tactics,entree
accessible,scintillate,peremptory,counterfeit,approachable
accession,creamery,ruffian,burnish,addition
accessory,imperil,opprobrium,superficial,appurtenance
acclaim,treachery,dictum,dolesome,plaudits
accommodate,aggrandize,itinerant,arboreal,suit
accompaniment,solicitor,inhospitable,derisible,concomitant
accompany,competence,interrogatory,breech,attach to
accomplice,conspicuous,influx,ineligible,confederate
accomplish,determinate,travesty,script,carry through
accordion,misrule,autonomous,canon,squeeze box
accost,disbeliever,needlework,manufacturer,address
accredit,infringe,intrinsic,plenary,recognize
accumulate,meretricious,tremulous,submission,roll up
accuracy,imperceptible,quietus,broach,truth
accurate,butt,physiocracy,disyllable,exact
accursed,illimitable,expansion,aghast,execrate
accusation,contusion,pedestrian,embark,charge
accuse,impersuadable,vacate,racy,impeach
accustom,collier,pleasant,undervalue,habituate
acerbity,forehead,witless,feudalism,tartness
acetate,supernatural,kiloliter,obelisk,ethanoate
ache,dermatology,granulate,vertical,hurt
achromatic,adduce,atone,perennial,neutral
acid,emergent,morale,incident,back breaker
acidify,lingual,tyro,fiducial,sour
acknowledge,impudence,sarcasm,quadrate,admit
acknowledgment,esquire,acidify,bromine,recognition
acme,culinary,replete,triad,height
acquaint,lithograph,ultimate,arboreal,introduce
acquiesce,extrude,ingredient,query,assent
acquiescence,fluent,credulous,infamy,assent
acquire,fungous,obvert,deluge,get
acquisition,anatomy,joust,requital,learning
acquit,heterogeneity,descent,disrupt,assoil
acquittance,bauble,dissolution,indelible,release
acreage,magnanimous,surveyor,onslaught,land area
acrid,dramatize,perspicacity,afterthought,pungent
acrimonious,missile,recreate,misinterpret,bitter
acrimony,affluence,machinist,triennial,bitterness
actuate,entail,acquittal,tyro,trip
acumen,facetious,scurrilous,residue,insightfulness
acute,philately,collapse,ought,ague
adamant,penury,discard,kilowatt,diamond
addendum,confluence,lunatic,scrupulous,supplement
addle,meditation,phonology,antonym,muddle
adduce,impel,efflorescent,dehydrate,abduce
adhere,workmanlike,monitory,bombast,cling
adherence,statistician,retort,speculate,attachment
adherent,disengage,deform,centurion,disciple
adhesion,liner,boll,irreligious,bond
adjacency,intervale,onslaught,wrest,contiguity
adjacent,blithesome,swarthy,wile,next
adjudge,hustle,exhume,interminable,declare
adjutant,comparative,reprisal,lithe,aide
administrator,decapitate,emigrant,sapiential,decision maker
admittance,prolix,insuppressible,panorama,entree
admonish,inviolable,hexagon,philander,warn
admonition,script,robust,polycracy,monition
ado,duration,luminous,frizz,bustle
adoration,insuppressible,undue,miter,worship
adulterate,accomplish,lode,gesticulate,load
adumbrate,nomad,dissentious,euphony,sketch
advent,ignoble,residue,prototype,coming
adverse,deject,fervent,paralysis,inauspicious
adversity,pentameter,accompany,predominant,hardship
advert,solicitude,remission,whereabouts,ad
advertiser,probity,assonate,innovate,adman
advisory,misanthropic,armory,triple,consultative
advocacy,subjection,irritancy,ampersand,protagonism
advocate,bodily,litigate,modify,proponent
aerial,misogyny,venous,verbiage,forward pass
aeronaut,remonstrant,disquiet,submarine,aviator
aeronautics,exclusion,panel,prefer,astronautics
affable,negligent,senile,junction,amiable
affect,reversion,meliorate,inverse,impact
affectation,acknowledge,relish,jocular,mannerism
affiliate,abdicate,spherometer,extenuate,consort
affirmative,eradicate,commodity,gastritis,optimistic
affix,profligate,counterbalance,disciplinary,stick on
affluence,resumption,extol,egress,richness
affront,fanatic,dogmatize,equivocate,insult
aforesaid,unaffected,personage,translate,said
afterthought,galore,impious,dormant,reconsideration
agglomerate,emit,obstruct,contumacy,pile
aggrandize,verify,achillean,butt,embroider
aggravate,conjugation,impetuous,lexicon,worsen
aggregate,superintend,abbess,suppressible,sum
aggress,laborious,indefensible,jocose,attack
aggression,misanthropic,appall,involution,hostility
aggrieve,missive,rectify,wrest,grieve
aghast,lingo,heteromorphic,impair,appalled
agile,enthrall,exhaustible,proffer,nimble
agitate,pretext,conformance,unbiased,foment
agrarian,consonance,atrocious,upturn,farming
ailment,invulnerable,facsimile,obsolete,complaint
airy,vociferous,ablution,colloquialism,impractical
akin,impede,saponaceous,rearrange,kindred
alabaster,detriment,desultory,patronize,onyx marble
alacrity,foist,succinct,mirage,briskness
alcove,bestrew,mandate,postscript,bay
alias,contravene,generosity,outrageous,assumed name
alien,loath,steppe,transmissible,foreigner
alienate,disavow,necessitate,conciliatory,estrange
alienation,exotic,convivial,relevant,disaffection
aliment,dispossess,subservient,posit,nutriment
alkali,cathode,permutation,severance,base
allay,discontinuance,preponderate,abdominal,still
allege,betroth,formation,steppe,aver
alleviate,academician,forepeak,indefensible,relieve
alley,deciduous,promiscuous,misogamy,back street
alliance,exhaustive,deplorable,caprice,confederation
allot,idiom,voracious,comport,assign
allotment,workmanlike,dogmatize,endanger,apportionment
allude,covenant,occupant,forbearance,touch
alluvion,tack,conjoin,introspect,flood
alter,deficiency,portfolio,calvary,change
alteration,abridgment,adduce,baize,change
altercate,employee,undue,bray,quarrel
altitude,resurrection,upbraid,adversity,height
alto,sequel,ecstasy,incendiary,countertenor
altruism,temporary,torturous,zeitgeist,selflessness
altruist,polysyllable,purveyor,unspeakable,philanthropist
amalgamate,perspicacity,laundress,possession,mix
amateur,heptarchy,negate,arid,recreational
amatory,obsequies,complacent,plausible,amorous
ambidextrous,purl,admonition,belie,two-handed
ambiguous,mentality,cursory,fledgling,equivocal
ambitious,thermoelectric,unicellular,hazard,challenging
ambrosial,myriad,resonance,effervescent,nectarous
ameliorate,literal,planisphere,contraband,better
amenable,inverse,manor,opportunity,conformable
amity,reflectible,commentary,accusatory,cordiality
amorous,achromatic,translate,conclusive,amative
amorphous,intolerant,steppe,carnivorous,formless
amour,prevention,profligate,consensus,affair
ampere,accumulate,expansion,deciduous,A
amplitude,forfend,creamy,persist,bountifulness
amputate,contagion,monitory,bombard,cut off
amusement,dissentious,exegesis,curator,entertainment
anachronism,exemplify,permissible,neophyte,mistiming
analyze,pendulous,brotherhood,temporize,study
anarchy,imperil,annual,incandescent,lawlessness
anathema,redound,deterrent,flippant,bete noire
anatomy,prudery,diversion,prelate,human body
ancestry,invidious,blase,exclude,lineage
anemia,britannia,gamester,vigilance,anaemia
anemic,append,revise,pleasant,anaemic
anemometer,nauseous,buttress,continuity,wind gauge
anesthetic,vaudeville,heterodox,furtive,anaesthetic
angelic,explosive,advisory,compliment,beatific
animadversion,negligible,notorious,comparable,censure
animadvert,synchronism,facetious,predominant,opine
animate,transfer,theorist,rapt,inspire
animosity,rhapsody,manufacturer,calvary,bad blood
annals,acquit,acute,sapient,chronological record
annex,logician,palliate,outburst,extension
annihilate,laundress,extrude,descendant,eliminate
annotate,purl,obvert,perversion,footnote
annual,degenerate,outcast,equivocate,yearly
annuity,discard,abusive,contender,rente
annunciation,pristine,disfavor,lyric,Lady Day
antarctic,reciprocate,subacid,inlet,South Frigid Zone
antecede,astringent,suspension,infinity,predate
antechamber,expedient,vestige,excrescence,entrance hall
antedate,complacence,consulate,quandary,predate
antenatal,foppery,globose,abduction,prenatal
anterior,syllable,monologue,condescend,front tooth
anteroom,lune,translate,immense,entrance hall
anthracite,blithe,diatomic,supplicate,hard coal
anthropomorphous,feudal,trickery,perverse,humanlike
antic,necessitate,disbeliever,halcyon,joke
antique,preexistence,lucrative,vivisection,old-timer
antispasmodic,moribund,impulsive,elude,spasmolytic
antonym,transpire,addendum,seance,opposite word
anxious,adhesion,vocable,assets,dying
apathy,felicity,broach,aerostat,indifference
apex,tack,confluent,append,vertex
aphorism,sol,resistant,demagnetize,apothegm
apiary,keepsake,sensorium,administrator,bee house
apogee,parity,sarcophagus,onslaught,culmination
apology,lactic,mislay,breaker,excuse
apostasy,prohibition,lustrous,depopulate,renunciation
apostate,convulsion,nauseate,radiate,deserter
apothecary,expressive,tortious,synod,pharmacist
apotheosis,perfidy,subsist,liturgy,ideal
appall,scrupulous,rebuild,anthropomorphous,shock
apparent,inextensible,punitive,originate,evident
apparition,migratory,codicil,annalist,phantom
appease,gregarious,incite,complaisant,pacify
appellation,pedestal,shrivel,imitator,denomination
append,bodily,artless,relish,add on
apposite,exacerbate,optometry,biology,apt
apposition,torturous,adhere,bestial,juxtaposition
appraise,ambulance,pentameter,nationality,measure
apprehend,variance,usurp,affront,grok
apprehensible,sense,playful,excruciate,intelligible
appropriate,tenor,conspire,judicature,allow
aqueous,synchronism,deprave,profile,sedimentary
arbitrate,ligneous,angular,expeditious,intercede
arbor,crucible,incessant,tenant,spindle
arboreal,triple,overleap,desperate,tree-living
arborescent,obliterate,liner,anemic,dendriform
arboretum,flexible,belie,lucid,botanical garden
arboriculture,posterior,intermit,paraphrase,tree farming
archaic,pact,heedless,alienate,antediluvian
archangel,pluperfect,prevention,negligible,garden angelica
archetype,onrush,deject,recuperate,original
ardent,prate,presentient,pertinacity,fervent
ardor,crevice,pastoral,trio,elan
arid,gossamer,flippant,foreordain,waterless
aristocracy,ascent,mutilate,critique,nobility
aristocrat,infidel,feudalism,repressible,blue blood
armory,effective,jocular,dissever,inventory
aroma,subvert,diminution,medicine,olfactory property
arrange,entirety,sensibility,avarice,set up
arrangement,coddle,choleric,acerbity,agreement
arrant,purveyor,minimize,umbrage,complete
arrival,judicature,usurp,wretchedness,reaching
arrogant,sibilate,aurora,inglorious,chesty
artful,submarine,prohibition,confectionery,disingenuous
artifice,legislate,peddler,revocation,ruse
artless,inaccessible,leviathan,infamous,ingenuous
ascendant,abstemious,cupidity,rupture,ancestor
ascension,sardonic,pendulous,cosmopolitanism,rise
ascent,mouthful,skeptic,cranium,acclivity
ascribe,proctor,cognate,ingratitude,impute
asexual,negligible,discipline,carnivorous,nonsexual
ashen,ampere,penultimate,contradiction,blanched
asperity,fervid,consonance,acclaim,grimness
aspirant,infuse,incandescent,radix,hopeful
aspiration,decorous,congeal,prudential,ambition
assailant,theism,maroon,effective,attacker
assassin,overproduction,reflexible,divinity,bravo
assassination,imminence,sepulcher,atheism,blackwash
assay,isothermal,ominous,exasperate,check
assent,undulate,redolence,invalidate,acquiescence
assess,mystification,sense,dissolve,buttocks
assets,inlet,convalescent,debase,plus
assiduous,protomartyr,obvert,immovable,sedulous
assimilate,acetate,decalogue,afterthought,absorb
assonance,heresy,periodicity,idolize,vowel rhyme
astringent,desert,pioneer,ambitious,styptic
astute,demonstrator,diffident,garrote,sharp
atheism,unsophisticated,demise,presumption,godlessness
athirst,inaudible,jurisprudence,accompaniment,hungry
atone,incompetence,partisan,itinerate,expiate
atonement,creamy,redress,flora,expiation
atrocious,bigamist,theorize,stature,flagitious
atrocity,predecessor,lexicon,impersonate,barbarity
attest,circumference,confront,unaffected,certify
audacious,finite,fallacious,waive,brave
audible,quandary,eulogize,heptarchy,hearable
audition,finality,complacent,submarine,hearing
augur,formula,fitful,spurious,auspex
aura,regality,specie,contemporaneous,halo
auricle,aboriginal,decipher,infrequent,pinna
auricular,deteriorate,logician,disinherit,otic
auriferous,baritone,investor,peccant,gold-bearing
aurora,preferential,heinous,expand,dawn
austere,fluential,reclusory,coalition,severe
authentic,reck,vitalize,prudery,reliable
autonomous,quintet,regnant,inconvenient,independent
autonomy,introductory,uproot,intrinsic,liberty
autopsy,nuisance,incomprehensible,acid,necropsy
avarice,reformer,tinge,viol,greed
aver,similitude,anthropomorphous,fracture,allege
averse,liking,torturous,irksome,antipathetic
avert,discreet,inactive,enrapture,debar
aviary,tolerate,protrude,convergent,bird sanctuary
avidity,justification,conjugate,laudation,eagerness
avocation,deform,premise,globose,by-line
avow,courageous,seize,interdict,affirm
awaken,generate,terrify,numerical,wake
azure,populous,regiment,deprave,cerulean
badger,scurrilous,neural,limitation,Wisconsinite
baffle,likelihood,ostentation,stallion,perplex
bale,beatitude,mite,ruffian,Basel
baleful,personal,lithotype,gradient,baneful
ballad,phenomenal,aggrandize,paramour,lay
banal,compensate,moderator,maze,commonplace
bask,raucous,recidivist,frantic,enjoy
bass,neology,pyrotechnic,apothecary,deep
baste,vale,fanciless,likely,tacking
batten,pavilion,ramify,waive,secure
bauble,modification,incisor,nuisance,bangle
bawl,skiff,populace,typify,bellow
beatify,indivertible,epilogue,kingling,exhilarate
beatitude,wiry,optician,packet,blessedness
beau,abscission,pervasion,transmissible,boyfriend
becalm,dermatology,wherewith,granary,steady
bedaub,cycloid,bestial,pedestrian,besmear
bedeck,extradite,concordance,volatile,deck
bedlam,misadventure,moat,oddity,chaos
befog,prefix,elucidate,iridescent,obscure
beget,protract,forgo,cohesive,get
begrudge,gait,acrid,disparage,envy
belie,advertiser,laudation,significant,contradict
believe,distemper,transgress,excerpt,think
belittle,discountenance,officiate,pinchers,minimize
bellicose,triplicate,immune,pallid,battleful
belligerent,unwieldy,stifle,indignity,combatant
bemoan,odorous,sophistical,alkali,deplore
benediction,reflexible,appease,altruism,blessing
benefactor,bestride,somnolent,prototype,helper
beneficent,necrology,henchman,antislavery,eleemosynary
beneficial,depression,pugnacious,lunacy,good
benefit,scuttle,derrick,script,welfare
benevolent,illiterate,vie,avocation,charitable
benignant,consummate,genteel,edict,gracious
benignity,bungle,pauperism,terse,graciousness
bequeath,permeate,bray,promiscuous,will
berth,bole,menagerie,nude,position
beseech,tenacious,recrudescent,prescript,bid
beset,cereal,entangle,preference,harass
besmear,intuition,coerce,stringent,bedaub
bestial,indulgent,paralysis,meliorate,beastly
bestride,indignity,dignitary,rebuff,hop on
betide,auriferous,fervor,sidereal,befall
betroth,charlatan,impure,employer,engage
betrothal,monologue,ready,arrear,troth
bevel,prevalent,polycracy,indefensible,cant
bewilder,decameron,impervious,tyrannical,perplex
bibliophile,vista,repressible,extant,booklover
bibulous,prominent,defraud,broach,boozy
bide,vaudeville,causal,violation,stay
bilateral,retrench,reparable,insignificant,two-sided
biography,scurrilous,confinement,penitence,life
biped,rotate,univalence,presumption,two-footed
birthright,absorb,nameless,infusion,patrimony
bitterness,intercept,vestige,momentous,resentment
blase,irradiate,niggardly,modulate,worldly
blaspheme,sidereal,infidel,legalize,curse
blatant,achromatic,enshrine,laudable,conspicuous
blaze,perambulate,expectancy,undue,hell
blazon,reticence,fathom,underlie,coat of arms
bleak,remonstrance,inflexible,consort,black
blemish,specious,intuition,apparition,defect
blithe,catholicism,lune,inopportune,lighthearted
blithesome,lea,kiloliter,encomium,lighthearted
blockade,auburn,consecutive,desperado,encirclement
bodily,antispasmodic,officiate,supernatural,corporal
boisterous,intelligible,christen,adjuration,rambunctious
bole,prehensible,vitiate,senile,trunk
bolster,whereabouts,writhe,twinge,long pillow
bomb,scuttle,subliminal,decrepit,turkey
bombard,virtual,alias,nomad,pelt
bombast,tinge,sinister,conjugate,fustian
boorish,zeitgeist,misbehavior,datum,loutish
bore,nectarine,tolerable,tiresome,dullard
botany,intestacy,pulmonary,undulate,vegetation
bountiful,aggrandize,complicity,pitiful,big
bowler,mutilate,telepathy,resistance,derby hat
braggart,refer,excavate,percolator,boaster
brandish,purport,scabbard,scruple,flourish
bravado,gastric,idiom,trait,bluster
bray,atone,cycloid,eschew,hee-haw
breach,reliquary,micrometer,opulent,rupture
breaker,taxidermy,accurate,intoxicant,ledgeman
breech,operetta,deciduous,uproot,rear of barrel
brethren,discursive,clarify,critique,brother
brevity,eminence,persuade,morale,briefness
bridle,repertory,ductile,gastric,check
brigand,azure,interminable,shrivel,bandit
brimstone,rendition,enthrone,sense,native sulfur
brine,consort,tiresome,braggart,seawater
bristle,transalpine,ramify,felicity,abound
briticism,sinuous,vocable,acclaim,Anglicism
brittle,magnate,tyrannical,decorate,toffee
broach,controller,gambol,remembrance,breastpin
broadcast,salvage,powerless,felonious,program
brogan,ignominious,phenomenal,hale,clodhopper
brogue,specter,ferocious,pennant,clodhopper
brokerage,arboreal,aphorism,chasten,securities firm
bromine,gumption,accompaniment,capillary,Br
brooch,maharaja,archetype,hideous,breastpin
brotherhood,apposition,audible,diffidence,fraternity
brusque,petrify,caustic,thrall,curt
buffoon,philately,mentor,clan,clown
buffoonery,persist,inadequate,virtual,clowning
bulbous,pyre,coronation,fray,bellied
bullock,dramatist,inept,deify,steer
bulrush,excerpt,jubilation,ineligible,cat's-tail
bulwark,brigand,narrative,deport,rampart
bumptious,acquit,precession,recur,self-assertive
bungle,loam,minimize,translucence,blunder
buoyancy,laud,compunction,penury,perkiness
buoyant,juxtapose,collegian,ailment,floaty
bureau,antipathize,interlude,neolithic,agency
burgher,olfactory,accede,venal,bourgeois
burnish,edify,tranquilize,embolism,polish
bustle,tolerant,elude,suppressible,hustle
butt,orthodox,espy,protege,goat
cabalism,upbraid,guise,divisor,Kabbalism
cadaverous,gyrate,quarto,hybrid,bony
cajole,obsolescent,insufficiency,confer,wheedle
cajolery,succumb,norman,instance,blandishment
callosity,proceed,conscientious,devout,unfeelingness
callow,disobedience,comestible,stripling,fledgling
calumny,verity,inundation,perfunctory,defamation
calvary,juicy,disrobe,autarchy,Golgotha
came,formidable,statute,affect,come
campaign,prefer,exert,militarism,run
canary,liner,scintillate,diplomatist,fink
candid,outdo,bullock,vitiate,blunt
candor,truthful,hexangular,consulate,fairness
canine,numeration,pollute,network,eyetooth
cant,intension,sibilant,octagon,buzzword
cantata,covey,mutiny,wizen,oratorio
cantonment,immiscible,knickknack,stagnant,camp
capillary,fief,needy,inebriate,hairlike
caprice,stratagem,ailment,adjudge,impulse
caption,element,mettlesome,ameliorate,subtitle
captious,aqueous,assailant,unison,faultfinding
captivate,carrion,malevolent,cynosure,enamour
cardinal,junction,dissentious,superfluous,redbird
carnage,speculate,hemorrhage,ominous,slaughter
carnal,munificent,pall,mentality,animal
carouse,serviceable,lyric,norman,bender
cartilage,panacea,interrupt,eminence,gristle
cartridge,aver,coagulant,cosmos,magazine
castigate,compulsory,retort,summary,chastise
casual,prodigal,inflexible,condolence,insouciant
casualty,prate,alto,congregate,injured party
cataclysm,parable,endemic,mitigate,calamity
catastrophe,hirsute,extricate,laxative,calamity
catholicity,pennant,assonate,despot,universality
caustic,apposite,dissimilar,pitiable,acerb
cauterize,exert,diversity,dogma,burn
cede,divinity,diplomatist,sinus,yield
censor,innocuous,nomad,alienation,ban
census,principality,photoelectric,irradiate,nose count
centiliter,came,baritone,donee,cl
centimeter,harmonious,concussion,percussion,cm
cereal,bronchus,parable,forecast,grain
ceremonial,defendant,luxuriance,periodicity,observance
ceremonious,peaceable,retch,trepidation,pompous
cessation,impure,minutia,prima,surcease
cession,fathom,myth,abstemious,ceding
chagrin,bevel,poetics,asexual,humiliation
characteristic,parable,luminescence,prehensile,feature
characterize,circumscribe,lyre,moccasin,qualify
charlatan,comport,tremor,recover,mountebank
chasten,typify,adduce,constrict,castigate
chastise,prominence,foppery,extremist,castigate
chastity,affiliate,fortitude,syneresis,celibacy
chattel,genteel,accompaniment,leniency,movable
check,exhaustible,piece,dismissal,assay
chivalry,polytheism,volant,premature,gallantry
choleric,hemorrhage,machinery,grisly,irascible
christ,gradient,bronchitis,prescription,Jesus
christen,covenant,lyre,grandeur,baptize
cipher,intermission,unctuous,presage,cypher
circulate,spasmodic,exterior,toilsome,go around
circumference,posterior,lewd,matrimony,perimeter
circumlocution,prelate,usurp,grief,periphrasis
circumnavigate,transitory,panacea,weal,compass
circumscribe,heresy,legible,orthodox,limit
circumspect,atrocity,reticent,secondary,discreet
citadel,abbot,heptagon,nostrum,bastion
cite,acclaim,impracticable,radix,acknowledgment
clairvoyance,remembrance,perspire,expedite,second sight
clamorous,genesis,distend,diplomatic,blatant
clan,insufficient,evict,unguent,kin
clandestine,botanize,faction,repine,cloak-and-dagger
clangor,proffer,divert,profile,crash
clarify,minimize,delusion,disjunctive,clear up
clemency,pecuniary,inexpensive,ode,mildness
clothier,innocuous,municipality,irresponsible,haberdasher
clumsy,contaminate,enkindle,tolerant,gawky
coalition,nationality,maharaja,postscript,alliance
coddle,decapod,intricacy,gratuitous,pamper
coerce,orthodox,sustenance,corporeal,hale
coercion,chancery,duration,cantonment,compulsion
cogent,domination,volition,deforest,telling
cognate,diversity,gregarious,grandiloquent,blood relation
cognizant,dialogue,unconscious,inchoate,aware
cohere,machinery,laggard,subjection,cling
coincide,oral,succumb,retention,co-occur
coincidence,trinity,misdeed,persistence,happenstance
coincident,tremendous,circulate,advertiser,concurrent
collapse,apogee,stultify,inveigh,prostration
colleague,lexicography,seize,excitation,co-worker
collector,leaven,competitor,inmost,aggregator
collide,recover,reticence,anemic,clash
collier,extinct,glacial,prattle,coal miner
collision,captious,paralysis,anonymous,hit
colloquial,stealth,scoundrel,adversity,conversational
collusion,parisian,polygamy,magnetize,connivance
colossus,postgraduate,curtsy,carnage,giant
comely,repeal,octagon,pleasurable,decent
comestible,advert,guise,rhetorician,edible
comical,drowsy,imbroglio,misapprehend,amusing
commemorate,collier,aggregate,personage,mark
commingle,unbiased,pommel,extensor,blend
commission,insurrection,apotheosis,baconian,deputation
commitment,blaspheme,deluge,brokerage,allegiance
committal,investor,extradite,bray,consignment
commodity,discolor,entangle,fragile,trade good
commotion,mutation,syndicate,repressible,disturbance
commute,statistician,casual,entail,transpose
comparable,perquisite,impassive,peddler,corresponding
comparative,persecution,futurist,exit,relative
compensate,revoke,suppress,conjugal,counterbalance
competitive,conceit,broach,surround,free-enterprise
competitor,digraph,educe,interrogative,rival
complacence,caitiff,aforesaid,chameleon,self-satisfaction
complacent,pitiless,progression,spartan,self-satisfied
complaisance,consensus,luscious,phonic,obligingness
complaisant,sanction,pledgee,causal,obliging
complicate,bray,adjutant,influence,perplex
compliment,contributor,enervate,ought,congratulate
component,alias,presumptuous,conjoin,constituent
comport,accede,umbrage,inseparable,behave
composure,incarcerate,typographical,excusable,calm
comprehension,consummate,loathe,intimacy,inclusion
compress,invalidate,senile,cohesion,pack together
compressible,incomprehensible,sanction,materialize,squeezable
compression,cosmology,incinerate,dilatory,concretion
comprise,redolent,slight,resilience,consist
compulsion,consonance,ostentation,duplicity,irresistible impulse
compulsory,norm,stupendous,foreshore,mandatory
compunction,aroma,professor,tentative,remorse
compute,replete,tinge,dramatize,calculate
concede,factious,amicable,instance,profess
conceit,surmise,genealogist,exuberance,amour propre
conceive,distraught,subterranean,outlandish,gestate
conciliate,migratory,sympathetic,perpendicular,pacify
conciliatory,delicacy,conjecture,sorcery,compromising
concord,signification,quandary,provincial,capital of New Hampshire
concordance,incoherent,nemesis,insuperable,harmony
concur,blatant,genealogist,execration,agree
concurrence,pretext,literature,cessation,meeting of minds
concurrent,malefactor,execrable,indescribable,coincident
condensation,redolence,laundress,aggression,compression
condense,misrule,ridiculous,forefather,distill
condescend,forcible,jocular,conjunction,deign
condolence,advertiser,apostasy,animadvert,commiseration
conduce,insurrection,ligature,nostrum,lead
conducive,abdicate,cajolery,tranquility,tributary
confectionery,extinct,devilry,migrant,candy store
confederate,coercion,wearisome,convivial,collaborator
confer,sacrilege,affiliate,underlie,bestow
confidant,vendition,enmity,austere,intimate
confide,presumptuous,deceit,forfeit,entrust
confidence,poignancy,tyrannical,dominance,assurance
confident,pestilent,presentment,execration,positive
confinement,logic,patriotism,bestride,parturiency
conflagration,ascendant,suspense,lascivious,inferno
confluence,equivalent,bemoan,comprehension,meeting
confluent,conductible,repressible,fortify,feeder
conformable,subsequent,perseverance,pitiless,amenable
conformation,frailty,competitor,grandiose,shape
conformity,curator,dissipation,exhaustive,compliance
confront,imply,violation,frizz,face
congeal,principal,gratuitous,physiology,jell
congest,judicature,exigency,tiresome,clog
conjecture,monition,pentagram,specious,speculation
conjoin,refinery,anhydrous,perfumery,join
conjugate,lactation,sinister,frontier,coupled
conjugation,contingency,cursive,laudable,junction
conjunction,compression,judicious,luminescence,coincidence
connive,conformable,appease,vegetative,scheme
connote,covey,elegy,quackery,imply
conquer,antonym,satirize,annihilate,suppress
consanguineous,reform,conformity,signification,akin
conscientious,pompous,crag,conscientious,painstaking
conscious,disservice,fallow,necessitate,witting
conscript,frizzle,understate,ire,draftee
consecrate,betrothal,divergent,guileless,ordain
consecutive,precede,indicator,cede,back-to-back
conservative,abscond,fallible,candid,cautious
conservatory,consolidate,impotent,beneficial,hothouse
consign,circumnavigate,objective,demulcent,charge
consistency,audacious,palsy,disquiet,eubstance
console,testator,financier,illicit,cabinet
consonance,optometry,telltale,granary,harmoniousness
consonant,posse,enamor,minion,harmonic
consort,tantamount,alluvion,oust,choir
conspicuous,retrospective,privy,apprehend,blatant
conspire,meretricious,confidence,tolerable,cabal
consternation,contaminate,rendezvous,symphonic,alarm
constituent,actuate,obtrude,preface,component
constrict,athirst,predicate,catholicism,compress
consummate,variable,hibernal,perverse,masterful
consumptive,masterpiece,finale,dilettante,lunger
contagion,gesticulate,prolong,remunerate,infection
contagious,congregate,inventive,archaism,catching
contaminate,recede,collector,supplant,pollute
contemplate,promiscuous,nutritive,expulsion,study
contemporaneous,anhydrous,dragnet,remodel,coetaneous
contemporary,beneficent,onus,salient,coeval
contemptuous,brandish,rhetorician,longevity,disdainful
contender,fastidious,lode,cameo,rival
contiguity,controller,variance,predecessor,adjacency
contiguous,dissipate,pentavalent,morality,immediate
contingency,similar,cohesion,illicit,eventuality
contingent,sequent,morality,stanchion,detail
continuance,gregarious,lucid,disagree,duration
continuation,continuation,transmissible,limitation,sequel
continuity,rebuild,christendom,squalid,persistence
contort,taut,azalea,foursome,deform
contraband,jeopardize,dauntless,bomb,bootleg
contradictory,pious,huckster,repress,at odds
contravene,vituperable,alter,infusion,run afoul
contribution,solicitor,suspension,complicity,part
contributor,felicity,species,stolid,subscriber
contrite,equitable,monologue,overproduction,remorseful
contrive,convalescent,toilsome,pusillanimous,plan
control,legislator,workmanlike,stealth,dominance
controller,imperative,brae,purloin,accountant
contuse,seize,patrimony,liqueur,bruise
contusion,speculate,stripling,fortify,bruise
convalesce,anhydrous,misogyny,gradation,recuperate
convalescent,aggrieve,interpose,distemper,recovering
convenience,lexicography,provocation,galvanic,public toilet
converge,audible,ambiguous,braze,meet
conversant,averse,irradiance,liberate,familiar
conversion,reprimand,forfend,subordinate,transition
convertible,recluse,alteration,nectar,sofa bed
convex,pious,anemometer,superintendence,bulging
conveyance,supernumerary,inbred,virtual,imparting
convivial,resource,pervasive,arbor,good-time
convolution,merciless,buffoonery,transcript,whirl
convulse,excellency,accessible,carouse,thresh
convulsion,acquiescence,decorous,giver,paroxysm
copious,medallion,latish,finite,voluminous
coquette,reparable,bridle,tentative,flirt
cornice,evasion,brigand,resurgent,valance
cornucopia,sophistical,mellifluous,progression,horn of plenty
coronation,memorable,mawkish,complicate,enthronement
corporal,diffidence,antemeridian,negate,bodily
corporate,tutorship,aphorism,inquisitor,bodied
corporeal,dispossess,insuperable,malleable,material
corpse,penury,ceremonial,leaven,cadaver
corpulent,epitome,gratuity,penitence,obese
corpuscle,inapt,chasten,complicate,atom
corroborate,amorous,physiocracy,opportunist,confirm
corroboration,rapid,conferee,liable,documentation
corrode,supplant,overlord,bewilder,eat
corrosion,suasion,upheaval,termination,erosion
corrosive,desist,coercive,wampum,caustic
corruptible,wreak,vendible,objector,bribable
corruption,sequestrate,sensation,altercate,putrescence
cosmetic,boll,heartrending,wry,decorative
cosmopolitan,inceptive,blithe,avarice,widely distributed
cosmos,reprimand,cameo,disquiet,universe
counteract,irk,symmetrical,inveterate,antagonize
counterbalance,psychotherapy,homogeneity,payee,balance
counterfeit,deprave,objective,braze,forgery
counterpart,mythology,evanescent,accession,opposite number
countervail,similitude,principle,fluential,offset
countryman,puissant,statistician,exacerbate,ruralist
courageous,stellar,sympathize,suave,brave
course,emanate,drudgery,degeneracy,class
courser,collier,obsolescence,relapse,charger
courtesy,protector,huckster,lapse,good manners
covenant,delirious,insentient,parity,compact
covert,renunciation,intolerant,alias,screen
cower,option,intersect,kiln,huddle
cranium,jurisdiction,skirmish,alliance,braincase
craving,comport,lexicon,maleficent,hunger
creak,equivocate,demonstrate,introductory,whine
credence,emigrant,rearrange,chastise,acceptance
credible,breech,impugn,inane,believable
creed,peddler,impervious,appellation,religious doctrine
crevice,prolix,perpetuate,digraph,cranny
critique,reverent,bungle,nautical,review
crockery,luminosity,usurious,tyranny,dishware
crucible,separable,derelict,arrange,melting pot
crystallize,imperfectible,metric,anemia,clear
cudgel,ache,repugnance,propaganda,fustigate
cull,contradiction,lunatic,garnish,reject
culpable,parliament,aggress,impugn,blameworthy
culprit,missile,indistinct,priory,perpetrator
cupidity,facet,intercession,euphonious,avarice
curator,intolerant,dogmatize,antislavery,conservator
curio,adoration,metaphysician,skepticism,oddity
cursive,likelihood,aspirant,grievous,longhand
cursory,antecede,acerbity,naval,casual
curt,oral,regnant,oust,brusque
curtail,retention,indignant,cynical,restrict
curtsy,canon,defiant,prologue,bob
cynical,superabundance,impregnable,sepulcher,misanthropic
daring,glazier,acquit,homage,boldness
dauntless,convergent,acidify,committal,audacious
dearth,rigor,diligence,gastronomy,famine
debase,estrange,clarify,promoter,corrupt
debatable,preparatory,conducive,litigious,problematic
debonair,pyromania,horde,disconnect,suave
debut,dissonant,confluent,prerogative,introduction
decagram,irritable,physiognomy,tactics,dekagram
decaliter,protrude,conciliate,punctual,dekaliter
decalogue,sterling,encomium,involution,Ten Commandments
decameter,promoter,magistracy,burnish,dekameter
decamp,distend,cupidity,arbitrary,break camp
decapitate,minutia,famish,anesthetic,behead
deceit,beau,phonogram,mutilate,fraudulence
deceitful,analyze,embezzle,physiography,fallacious
deceive,denude,viol,consensus,lead on
decent,reckless,habitual,trivial,nice
decimal,exclamation,squatter,catholicity,denary
decimate,chancery,egress,prospector,eliminate
decipher,ultramundane,immutable,canine,trace
declamatory,pious,lunar,betroth,bombastic
declarative,mordacious,supersede,peccadillo,indicative mood
decorate,refract,ambrosial,cygnet,adorn
decorous,check,usurp,cathode,becoming
decoy,satiate,quintessence,befog,steerer
decrepit,submersion,forejudge,constrict,creaky
deface,cornucopia,cajole,effluvium,disfigure
defalcate,twinge,emit,ire,embezzle
defame,awaken,degenerate,affable,slander
default,audacious,bigamist,recessive,nonpayment
defendant,refractory,merciful,necrology,suspect
defensive,breaker,neural,derivative,justificative
defer,inviolable,underhanded,genealogist,postpone
defiant,oratory,inquisitive,incompetent,noncompliant
deficiency,soldier,entrench,subtle,lack
deficient,flamboyant,bomb,finery,lacking
deflect,lackadaisical,pentagram,expanse,debar
deforest,iciness,separable,pluperfect,disforest
deform,scuttle,despair,indict,contort
deformity,phlegmatic,resource,eligible,malformation
defraud,inhibit,kilometer,volatile,victimize
degeneracy,aqueous,medial,moderation,decadence
degenerate,maneuver,convalesce,contort,pervert
degradation,transferable,decoy,complicate,debasement
degrade,impugn,peaceful,cajolery,take down
dehydrate,stringency,perturbation,perspicacity,desiccate
deign,absolution,inadequate,intermit,condescend
deist,augment,transcend,quietus,freethinker
deity,antipodes,permutation,petulance,divinity
deject,workmanlike,laud,collapse,depress
dejection,incompatible,aerial,valid,fecal matter
delectable,append,effusion,sacrifice,luscious
delectation,iniquity,thesis,euphemism,enjoyment
deleterious,inconsiderable,precipitate,loathe,hurtful
delicacy,robust,scruple,facetious,daintiness
delineate,annuity,eccentric,militarism,define
delirious,adverse,hazard,accurate,hallucinating
delude,evangelist,eliminate,judicature,deceive
deluge,abominate,protract,dishabille,flood
delusion,quartet,episode,penetrate,psychotic belief
demagnetize,fallacious,jubilation,caprice,degauss
demagogue,expostulate,altitude,prophecy,rabble-rouser
demeanor,pertinent,discipline,refringency,behavior
demented,ichthyic,braggart,emerge,brainsick
demerit,dialectician,pamphlet,apprehensible,fault
demise,deluge,pluperfect,truculent,death
demobilize,indiscreet,perigee,diversity,inactivate
demolish,plebeian,ravage,intangible,pulverize
demonstrable,abjure,misrule,precision,incontrovertible
demonstrate,uncommon,comparative,pastoral,show
demonstrative,preface,heifer,ought,illustrative
demonstrator,respondent,glacial,neutral,protester
demulcent,modify,rectify,unify,emollient
dendroid,frizzle,sybarite,angelic,arboreal
denizen,annuity,narrator,protomartyr,inhabitant
denominate,extenuate,actuality,recrudescence,designate
denote,momentum,gregarious,qualm,refer
denude,inconstant,unsophisticated,transposition,bare
deplete,descent,excruciate,undergarment,consume
deplorable,nettle,donee,metropolitan,distressing
deplore,dogmatize,livelihood,poesy,lament
deponent,hesitant,telepathy,preservation,testifier
depopulate,levity,personnel,brazier,desolate
deport,artful,interpose,docile,behave
deportment,inevitable,precision,aphorism,demeanor
depository,summary,nectarine,moralize,repository
deprave,repudiate,regale,preparation,corrupt
deprecate,honorarium,contemptible,protomartyr,vilipend
depreciate,braze,brokerage,concord,vilipend
depreciation,overseer,limitation,emit,wear and tear
depress,nebula,solder,guinea,deject
depression,lyre,superb,novice,slump
depth,belligerent,vertigo,sextet,deepness
derelict,protract,fondle,bitterness,abandoned ship
derision,finale,birthright,drachma,ridicule
derivative,forfeit,insulate,humiliate,differential coefficient
derive,capitulate,libel,indigent,deduce
descent,indicant,extremist,euphemism,origin
descry,generality,epicurean,requiem,spot
desert,covert,indiscreet,luminescence,abandon
designate,participate,interrogative,languor,denominate
desist,erroneous,assess,tutelage,abstain
desperate,excursion,characteristic,enact,do-or-die
despicable,anhydrous,amusement,corrosion,ugly
despondent,pernicious,truculence,revere,heartsick
despot,mystification,redundance,fluent,tyrant
destitute,impertinence,orthodoxy,impervious,impoverished
deter,eccentricity,anteroom,domesticity,discourage
deteriorate,decent,afterthought,mettlesome,devolve
determinate,extraordinary,maudlin,archaic,definitive
determination,deficiency,pleasant,buffoonery,finding
deterrent,tolerable,feminine,refractory,hindrance
detest,depth,triumvir,hesitation,hate
detract,permutation,cornice,cosmology,take away
detriment,rampart,levy,duteous,hurt
deviate,incite,ascent,malediction,pervert
devilry,tenant,dissentious,cauterize,mischief
deviltry,statecraft,havoc,wavelet,mischief
devious,subvert,deify,extant,oblique
devise,terrify,cameo,wavelet,invent
devout,overproduction,choral,monologue,god-fearing
diabolic,nihilist,mountaineer,vegetative,devilish
diagnose,metaphysician,flimsy,satirize,name
dialogue,juridical,impunity,contumacious,duologue
diaphanous,inundation,unfavorable,angelic,filmy
diatribe,chameleon,lever,lexicographer,fulmination
dictum,imperceptible,remunerate,cosmos,pronouncement
difference,trenchant,penetration,reciprocal,deviation
differential,recrudescent,meditation,contravene,derived function
differentiate,indicant,impromptu,acute,distinguish
diffidence,edify,referrer,opportunity,self-doubt
diffident,cartilage,irreversible,mediate,shy
diffusion,mountaineer,tannery,pavilion,dissemination
dignitary,remonstrance,braze,pennant,very important person
dilate,coalition,reliant,homonym,distend
dilatory,delineate,census,demonstrable,laggard
dilemma,superheat,commute,coincide,quandary
dilettante,packet,extemporaneous,repudiate,dabbler
diligence,nausea,reassure,aeronaut,industriousness
dilute,inseparable,lattice,paternity,thin
diminution,imprudent,azure,protuberant,decline
disagree,mandatory,fabulous,ballad,differ
disallow,hesitant,pedestrian,fledgling,forbid
disappear,necropolis,nominee,fungus,vanish
disappoint,resonance,extrude,penurious,let down
disapprove,sprightly,nit,reorganize,reject
disarm,juncture,dejection,neurology,demilitarize
disbeliever,statecraft,shriek,sear,nonbeliever
disburden,defalcate,avarice,parable,unburden
disburse,fictitious,gusto,deter,pay out
discard,nausea,ought,hardihood,throwing away
discernible,quiet,equanimity,consignor,evident
disciplinary,despondent,proficiency,service,corrective
discipline,intension,glacier,despair,subject
discolor,cudgel,hoarse,gratification,colour
discomfit,genitive,distemper,aggravate,upset
discomfort,rhapsody,pathos,doe,uncomfortableness
disconnect,valedictory,despond,paternal,gulf
disconsolate,intimidate,tendency,forejudge,inconsolable
discord,mettlesome,significance,ungainly,strife
discreet,unavoidable,evolution,invalid,circumspect
discrepant,airy,emergence,option,incompatible
discriminate,gesticulate,lode,polytheism,know apart
discursive,fitful,novellette,estuary,dianoetic
discussion,despondent,correlative,aurora,treatment
disengage,hoard,absorb,reclusory,withdraw
disfigure,unnecessary,overpay,liqueur,deface
dishabille,peter,anecdote,heathenish,deshabille
dishonest,chattel,console,diversity,corruptible
disinfectant,trio,complaisance,evasion,germicide
dislocate,enfranchise,alto,joust,luxate
dismissal,profile,sinus,insentient,pink slip
dismount,preposterous,penitence,entail,unhorse
disobedience,cite,philander,elude,noncompliance
disobedient,rhapsody,coquette,leisure,unruly
disown,impassable,connubial,accost,renounce
disparage,paraphrase,expand,nectarine,belittle
dispel,network,surfeit,introvert,chase away
displace,coalition,ultimatum,harass,preempt
disputation,degradation,evangelical,statute,debate
disqualify,evanescent,intermittent,kingling,unfit
disquiet,extensor,contravene,bask,anxiousness
disregard,glazier,indict,paramour,neglect
disrobe,loam,zephyr,quarto,undress
disrupt,transcendent,immerse,inception,interrupt
dissect,breach,squalid,infringe,analyze
dissemble,cudgel,invoke,sequester,feign
disseminate,plaudit,dishabille,importune,circulate
dissent,unconscionable,passive,stimulus,protest
dissentient,frolicsome,amphibious,laureate,recusant
dissentious,omnipotence,decameron,carnage,divisive
dissertation,skirmish,furrier,likelihood,thesis
disservice,protuberate,moderation,intimidate,ill service
dissever,expressive,encamp,writhe,divide
dissimilar,desperate,peerless,outlandish,unalike
dissipate,disrobe,improper,nit,break up
dissipation,beneficent,prostrate,reckless,profligacy
dissolute,seduce,posterior,logical,debauched
dissolution,buoyancy,obtrusive,misnomer,profligacy
dissolve,virtuoso,liberalism,potentate,fade out
dissonance,narrative,artful,causal,noise
dissonant,nestle,mythology,fulminate,unresolved
distemper,felicitate,check,grenadier,ill humor
distend,remonstrant,annals,dialectician,dilate
distention,solecism,transmute,occult,dilatation
distill,indigestible,maintenance,assonate,purify
distort,legible,collision,luxuriance,falsify
distraught,recede,demolish,oversee,overwrought
distrust,paleontology,cite,disapprove,misgiving
divagation,antispasmodic,tangent,submergence,digression
diverse,reciprocal,eminence,insistent,various
diversion,abominate,entangle,pitiable,recreation
diversity,tyranny,contravene,patriotism,multifariousness
divert,verbiage,fabulous,thesis,deviate
divinity,cite,compulsion,didactic,deity
divisor,dowry,nuisance,moderation,factor
divulge,herbivorous,extemporaneous,indigent,unwrap
docile,juggle,reducible,autumnal,teachable
docket,huckster,permissible,diffident,agenda
doe,natal,symphonic,myth,Department of Energy
dogma,maintain,miser,menagerie,tenet
doleful,maritime,modernize,imperil,mournful
dolorous,statecraft,fumigate,posterior,lachrymose
domain,purloin,duplex,primeval,sphere
domicile,armada,fervor,necrology,legal residence
dominance,desert,impugn,leaflet,laterality
dominant,perturb,forgo,forecourt,prevailing
dominate,lough,morbid,sustenance,rule
domination,revisal,relegate,granary,mastery
domineer,nasal,auricle,belittle,tyrannize
donee,frowzy,collier,magnetize,beneficiary
donor,infamy,lingual,fusible,giver
dormant,benediction,gratuity,verify,hibernating
dowry,somnolent,requiem,breaker,portion
dragnet,refer,hustle,ambulance,trawl
dragoon,foreordination,recapture,percolator,sandbag
dramatist,inherence,disagree,nestle,playwright
dramatize,adumbrate,seer,gynecocracy,adopt
drowsy,spherometer,mite,seduce,dozy
drudgery,proxy,syndicate,sentience,plodding
dubious,ingraft,numeration,brae,doubtful
ductile,imbrue,tirade,forecast,malleable
duet,autopsy,allude,solicitor,couple
dun,overthrow,impertinence,theology,greyish brown
duplex,wintry,genealogy,parable,semidetached house
duplicity,aviary,meddlesome,alienable,fraudulence
duration,akin,advertiser,loam,continuance
earnest,retch,infinity,posse,sincere
eatable,supercilious,waistcoat,necessity,comestible
ebullient,amorphous,recitation,exclusion,exuberant
eccentric,beneficent,inundate,fervent,flake
economize,antipathize,horde,hexapod,conserve
ecstasy,disinfectant,predatory,anthology,rapture
ecstatic,theorize,hexangular,insecure,enraptured
edible,reciprocate,overture,decagram,comestible
edict,overtone,successor,icon,decree
edify,imaginable,presage,aqueduct,enlighten
educe,onrush,invoke,ablution,evoke
efface,invalid,sequester,tangible,obliterate
effect,syneresis,adversity,iota,consequence
effective,iciness,lithe,regiment,good
effectual,stagnate,pommel,delude,legal
effeminacy,gratification,fervor,atrocious,sissiness
effeminate,discard,ingraft,ambulate,emasculate
effervesce,granulate,antiphony,pall,foam
effervescent,academy,acrimonious,vacillate,sparkling
effete,explosion,acclaim,nefarious,decadent
efflorescence,adulterant,gradient,monarchy,flower
efflorescent,distill,presentiment,convergent,abloom
effrontery,impersonal,witchcraft,immeasurable,presumption
effulgence,ruminant,centenary,stagnate,radiance
effuse,conspire,transpire,domination,pour out
effusion,expatriate,generality,aqueduct,gush
egoism,credence,intercede,gourmand,self-interest
egoist,specialty,enormous,acrid,swellhead
egotism,elucidate,corpulent,poesy,self-importance
egregious,somnolence,blazon,complacent,crying
egress,grantee,exclusion,unction,emersion
eject,nonentity,subterfuge,rigmarole,chuck out
elapse,vivify,municipality,antemundane,lapse
elegy,intension,rupture,magician,lament
element,adjacent,perturb,endear,component
elicit,perform,forcible,irk,arouse
eliminate,legislator,microscopic,sinus,extinguish
elucidate,component,perusal,diversion,clarify
elude,centimeter,intestate,braggart,evade
elusion,annuity,assessor,rearrange,slip
emaciate,monolith,festive,piece,waste
emanate,alias,collector,unspeakable,exhale
emancipate,sacrifice,naval,coincident,liberate
embargo,militate,ghastly,sufficiency,trade stoppage
embark,winsome,loch,discomfort,ship
embarrass,philharmonic,defalcate,arrange,abash
embellish,belittle,secrecy,poetaster,pad
embezzle,impudence,sedition,beget,defalcate
emblazon,slothful,exigent,brevity,color
emblem,prolix,alliance,hussar,allegory
embody,undergarment,plea,untimely,incarnate
embolden,benediction,vestment,florist,cheer
embolism,dismount,corrosion,fundamental,intercalation
embroil,placid,scintillate,adumbrate,tangle
emerge,polyglot,excrescence,prescience,issue
emergence,reducible,immeasurable,confluence,outgrowth
emigrant,impotent,meander,supplant,outgoer
eminence,relinquish,percipient,bore,distinction
eminent,carouse,resilient,wane,high
emit,requisite,finality,inexpedient,breathe
emporium,inexperience,unbearable,preordain,department store
empower,punctual,dragoon,stiletto,authorise
enact,disinherit,prattle,colloquial,ordain
enamor,syneresis,innumerable,intolerant,capture
encamp,impudence,hydroelectric,suspicious,camp
encomium,episode,faction,precedence,eulogy
encompass,occurrence,veracity,equestrian,embrace
encourage,oversee,consistency,contraposition,promote
encumber,depreciate,hardihood,precipice,restrain
encyclopedia,intercession,dramatize,perseverance,cyclopedia
endanger,monotony,regalia,intercept,jeopardize
endemic,furtive,surmise,condescend,autochthonal
endue,alto,intoxicate,baleful,indue
endurable,procrastinate,opaque,vociferance,bearable
energetic,continuity,quarto,emergence,gumptious
enervate,interminable,antislavery,demerit,faze
enfeeble,deviltry,stifle,forebode,debilitate
enfranchise,commingle,philology,anathema,affranchise
engender,beck,transatlantic,patrimony,breed
engrave,symphonious,introductory,anemia,scratch
engross,dialogue,reconcilable,beseech,steep
enhance,hostility,evert,hoard,heighten
enigma,retaliate,cantonment,deprave,mystery
enjoin,anathema,rampant,gyroscope,order
enkindle,buffoon,exit,virago,kindle
enlighten,mistrust,succeed,subterfuge,edify
enlist,optic,satirize,impend,engage
enmity,laureate,dignitary,sinus,hostility
ennoble,enthuse,sinister,respite,dignify
enormity,defer,intermediate,disengage,outrageousness
enormous,disburden,sequestrate,constrict,tremendous
enrapture,admonish,acoustic,trajectory,enchant
enshrine,photoelectric,loam,iconoclast,shrine
ensnare,knead,burgher,minutia,entrap
entail,projection,euphony,sagacious,imply
entangle,ardent,transient,palate,mire
enthrall,perjure,defame,barometer,enchant
enthrone,pantoscope,penchant,anterior,invest
entirety,superlative,superfluity,thoroughbred,integrality
entomology,preexistence,inhuman,braggart,bugology
entrails,solicitude,christendom,demulcent,viscera
entreaty,mania,lode,recover,prayer
entree,noxious,wearisome,operator,main course
entrench,predict,quiet,purl,intrench
entwine,maternal,assonance,antedate,knit
enumerate,galvanic,martyrdom,progression,recite
epicure,reticent,maharaja,apposite,gourmet
epicurean,curtail,repository,regretful,gourmet
epidermis,omnipotent,septennial,uproarious,cuticle
epigram,confide,galvanism,sedition,quip
epiphany,hydraulic,distrust,sinuous,Twelfth day
episode,effluvium,mien,assonance,installment
epitome,athirst,caustic,efficient,prototype
epoch,systematic,unlimited,operative,era
equalize,centurion,conductible,curt,get even
equanimity,recrudescence,defer,bawl,composure
equestrian,adulterant,moderation,braggart,horseman
equilibrium,detriment,workmanlike,epiphany,balance
equitable,vicarious,centurion,assiduous,just
equity,berth,loneliness,preponderate,fairness
equivalent,diplomat,unlimited,introvert,combining weight
equivocal,imperious,anathema,position,ambiguous
equivocate,fungible,introspection,concordance,beat around the bush
eradicate,amour,prescription,irreparable,eliminate
erratic,peerless,fungous,depth,fickle
erudite,hesitancy,preference,evoke,learned
erudition,sinus,plumb,plumb,learnedness
eschew,repellent,transfigure,prudery,shun
espy,protomartyr,heritage,scintilla,descry
essence,accustom,succinct,catholicism,kernel
esthetic,pommel,juxtapose,annex,artistic
estimable,appellation,bitterness,aver,good
estrange,polygamy,gestation,codicil,alienate
eulogy,vacuous,facile,languid,encomium
euphony,centimeter,benefit,arboretum,music
evade,prepossession,fervor,aerial,hedge
evanesce,detriment,rectitude,bequeath,fade
evangelist,came,specialty,punctual,revivalist
evasion,dilettante,enthrone,unbridled,equivocation
evict,bedlam,recitation,disservice,force out
evince,transfuse,inhuman,sacrificial,express
evoke,arrangement,misapprehend,disarrange,arouse
evolution,grotto,terminal,tangent,development
evolve,accost,misbehavior,submarine,germinate
exacerbate,retract,sibilate,edict,worsen
exaggerate,collier,altruism,predicament,overstate
exasperate,reliance,jovial,piccolo,aggravate
excavate,tincture,ponderous,fundamental,unearth
exceed,meander,upbraid,photoelectric,transcend
excel,facility,mellifluous,treasonable,stand out
excellent,supine,proclamation,requital,first-class
excerpt,simile,doublet,rectitude,extract
excitable,capitulate,rapt,munificence,irritable
excitation,stringency,neglectful,fernery,inflammation
exclamation,muddle,distrain,recessive,ecphonesis
exclude,expand,underlie,charlatan,leave out
exclusion,immigrant,instigate,physiography,censure
excrescence,dejection,paternal,prevention,bulge
excretion,reflexible,undervalue,esquire,elimination
excruciate,enigma,locomotion,lucid,torment
excursion,insensible,autobiography,modernity,jaunt
excusable,chromatic,dissolve,blaspheme,forgivable
execrable,outweigh,beatify,aspiration,deplorable
execration,divert,vindicatory,anhydrous,abhorrence
exemplar,asexual,compressible,affluence,example
exemplary,disbeliever,deride,excellence,model
exemplify,chasm,academy,foreknowledge,represent
exert,recluse,leeward,fraternal,wield
exhale,preferment,creak,arboretum,expire
exhaust,despicable,outweigh,inadvisable,fumes
exhaustion,typical,exorbitant,possible,debilitation
exhaustive,inseparable,mouthful,sinus,thorough
exhilarate,distensible,impend,coronation,tickle pink
exhume,expedite,disjunctive,flagrant,disinter
exigency,impervious,irresistible,capillary,emergency
exigent,mentality,poise,corroborate,clamant
existence,laudable,stupor,luxuriate,being
exit,contort,conjugate,intrude,issue
exodus,lithograph,inopportune,percipience,hegira
exonerate,doe,retrograde,annual,acquit
exorbitance,dendroid,inundate,ineffable,outrageousness
exorbitant,leaven,query,crevasse,extortionate
exotic,domesticity,fracture,impalpable,alien
expand,petulant,ensnare,sisterhood,spread out
expanse,plumb,huckster,sardonic,sweep
expansion,niggardly,nettle,breach,enlargement
expatriate,novice,preemption,antipodes,exile
expect,paleontology,inefficient,discernible,anticipate
expectancy,midsummer,apprehend,jargon,anticipation
expectorate,profiteer,bellicose,modification,clear out
expedite,prominence,relapse,anesthetic,hasten
expend,hazard,prejudice,bravado,use
expense,proxy,canto,substantive,disbursal
expiate,heresy,unbiased,proffer,aby
explicate,violator,ocular,countryman,formulate
explicit,tenant,paralyze,euphony,denotative
explode,gynecocracy,nefarious,inexpressible,detonate
explosion,buoyant,disarrange,phonic,detonation
explosive,maudlin,futile,affectation,volatile
exposition,moccasin,kimono,pedagogue,exhibition
expulsion,negation,ordeal,lascivious,ejection
extemporaneous,petulant,tableau,nectar,ad-lib
extension,unlawful,misplace,invincible,propagation
extensive,passible,ceremonial,magistracy,across-the-board
extenuate,reversion,embolden,intestate,palliate
exterior,mentor,invincible,dehydrate,outside
external,collapse,separable,sinuous,outside
extinct,inconstant,renovate,demise,out
extinguish,forego,stupor,intromit,snuff out
extol,remonstrant,outlandish,microphone,laud
extradite,felicity,regiment,proficiency,deliver
extraneous,prelate,conductible,missile,immaterial
extraordinary,queue,nimble,butt,over-the-top
extravagance,reflectible,nit,solecism,prodigality
extravagant,derisible,zeitgeist,recapitulate,excessive
extremist,madden,ungainly,mimic,radical
extricate,seismograph,perspicacious,prehension,untangle
extrude,belie,trenchant,referrer,squeeze out
exuberance,jubilation,interrogate,postdate,enthusiasm
exuberant,inbred,frizzle,conflagration,ebullient
fabricate,balsam,interlude,necrosis,manufacture
fabulous,vigilance,inexcusable,disinherit,mythic
facet,frolicsome,query,rupture,aspect
facetious,hirsute,triennial,prehensile,bantering
facial,exhaustion,poignant,accomplish,seventh cranial nerve
facile,inquisition,calvinize,irk,eloquent
facilitate,expiate,germinate,disparity,ease
facility,patter,botanize,exemplar,installation
facsimile,ultimate,promenade,auspice,autotype
faction,recline,effusion,contribution,cabal
factious,terrify,inchoate,paly,dissentious
fallacious,rookery,orator,aristocrat,unsound
fallible,divergent,ridicule,sociable,frail
famish,speculate,frigidarium,fissure,starve
fanatic,deify,mallet,ludicrous,fiend
fancier,solicitude,recidivist,extemporaneous,enthusiast
fastidious,essence,protrude,perfidy,exacting
fathom,demeanor,artful,platitude,fthm
fatuous,surveyor,scribe,convalesce,asinine
faulty,enervate,feint,outrage,defective
fawn,betroth,elusion,liturgy,dun
fealty,vapid,remonstrance,wrangle,allegiance
feasible,cynical,evoke,preamble,executable
felicitate,evolve,undercharge,spurious,congratulate
felicity,compulsion,consolidate,inopportune,happiness
felon,caitiff,adoration,torrid,criminal
felonious,effrontery,stimulant,contrite,criminal
feminine,louse,extinct,psychotherapy,womanly
ferocious,seismograph,fraudulent,conjugal,fierce
ferocity,heterogeneous,exhaustive,accusation,fierceness
fervent,caitiff,expeditious,venerate,ardent
fervid,beget,testimonial,importune,ardent
fervor,apparent,exclusion,dissemble,ardor
festal,mockery,acquittal,accomplice,gay
festive,detest,dismissal,misanthropy,gay
fete,preestablish,reducible,litigant,feast
fetus,fiducial,finale,hirsute,foetus
fiasco,accompaniment,calumny,recrudescent,debacle
fickle,unction,overtone,cursory,volatile
fictitious,unison,mania,verification,fabricated
fidelity,finite,seduce,lodgment,faithfulness
fief,overseer,recruit,ridiculous,feoff
finale,latency,conjoin,eminence,coda
finality,buoyancy,writing,unwise,conclusiveness
financial,aspiration,exhaust,reprisal,fiscal
financier,percussion,datum,prepossession,moneyman
finesse,mutiny,technicality,tractable,delicacy
fiscal,scribble,populace,outreach,financial
fissure,grotesque,refute,impugn,crevice
fitful,dilatory,patronymic,grievous,spasmodic
fixture,sanction,imperceptible,undulate,regular
flagrant,vaudeville,folio,expostulate,crying
flamboyant,plenteous,expressive,achromatic,royal poinciana
flatulence,inexpressible,vestment,curator,gas
fledgling,exigent,travail,belligerent,newcomer
flexible,genteel,scintilla,coniferous,elastic
flimsy,cognate,effrontery,ramose,onionskin
flippant,monotony,excitation,workmanlike,light-minded
flora,ichthyosaurs,thrall,statistician,vegetation
florid,expect,britannia,myth,aureate
flue,loch,superintendence,garrulous,labial pipe
fluent,intimacy,priggish,decimate,liquid
flux,frontier,exacerbate,pedestal,magnetic field
foggy,acrid,palliate,preposterous,dazed
foible,sophistry,perversity,vestige,idiosyncrasy
foliage,massive,outstretch,differential,leaf
folio,papacy,legitimacy,outdo,pagination
fondle,inventive,eminence,submarine,caress
foolery,casualty,culprit,approbation,folly
forbearance,theology,dissolution,abundant,patience
forcible,autarchy,tolerance,whet,physical
forebode,divulge,undulate,appreciable,predict
forecast,confer,plurality,irreducible,prognosis
forecastle,propulsion,ecstasy,corroboration,fo'c'sle
forefather,myth,ocular,termagant,father
forego,optometry,append,sinecure,predate
forehead,seclusion,mediate,vigilance,brow
foreign,chastity,louse,tremulous,strange
foreigner,induct,prudence,coincide,alien
foreknowledge,habitude,thearchy,terminus,precognition
foreman,sensation,decimal,vignette,chief
foreordain,convolution,abyss,butt,predestine
foreordination,granule,insurrection,amusement,predestination
foresee,explicate,competence,scoundrel,anticipate
foresight,annihilate,tenure,gait,prevision
foretell,irascible,harmonious,relish,announce
forethought,objector,deject,sensation,premeditation
forfeit,postdate,percipience,paternity,sacrifice
forfend,fiducial,dominate,static,debar
forgery,socialism,belate,excellency,counterfeit
forgo,tutorship,despondent,equivalent,waive
formation,perjury,intension,triumvir,shaping
formidable,vernal,elucidate,priggish,redoubtable
formula,panel,parable,azalea,expression
forswear,undersell,trepidation,precision,abjure
forte,pentagon,prophesy,ominous,strong suit
fortify,misanthropy,depopulate,bacterium,strengthen
foursome,contender,contiguous,aspirant,quartet
fracture,repugnance,cosmic,pedestal,break
fragile,inflammable,gestation,perfidy,delicate
frailty,sanctity,ruth,cornice,infirmity
fragile,whereabouts,necessitate,coerce,delicate
frankincense,equilibrium,emporium,euphonious,olibanum
frantic,exemplary,paraphernalia,laudatory,frenetic
fraternal,skiff,inept,prospector,biovular
fraudulence,promoter,pauperism,unnatural,duplicity
fraudulent,cosmic,outreach,corrosive,deceitful
fray,ambiguous,annual,vulgarity,disturbance
freethinker,acclaim,collegian,encompass,deist
freshness,diatribe,mimic,investor,novelty
fretful,odium,armada,specie,antsy
frightful,pall,shiftless,venal,atrocious
frigid,inventive,coagulant,circumlocution,cold
frivolity,preposterous,disown,habitant,bagatelle
frizz,aborigines,tutelar,control,crimp
frizzle,stupendous,abidance,compliment,crimp
frolicsome,transposition,brae,philology,coltish
frowzy,paragon,panorama,scrupulous,slovenly
frugal,sphericity,acquiesce,surmount,economical
fruition,recoil,creamy,toleration,realization
fugacious,contort,mutiny,fathom,ephemeral
fulminate,logician,obstruction,germinate,rail
fulsome,finesse,pyx,recrudescence,buttery
functionary,referable,transcribe,magnanimous,official
fundamental,trimness,phonogram,loam,first harmonic
furbish,inventive,occident,sophisticate,buff
furrier,toilsome,subtend,disobedient,cloakmaker
further,disrobe,requiem,irrational,foster
furtherance,submittal,huckster,scuttle,promotion
furtive,ceremonial,convolve,slothful,sneak
fuse,negligible,frailty,unwise,fuze
futile,raillery,alto,patrician,ineffectual
futurist,covert,theocracy,corrosive,fantast
gauge,distention,missile,suffuse,gage
gaiety,inapt,treble,proficiency,merriment
gait,toilsome,compulsory,permutation,pace
gallant,rancor,infusion,forebode,dandy
galore,aggression,extricate,britannia,abounding
galvanic,sylph,finery,deride,voltaic
galvanism,subsist,epicure,dejection,electrotherapy
galvanize,cadaverous,immeasurable,blatant,startle
gamble,personage,luxuriance,perjure,chance
gambol,complaisant,nihilist,overreach,play
gamester,intangible,reconstruct,nucleus,crippled
garnish,indelible,antichrist,tipsy,trim
garrison,corroborate,premonition,doe,fort
garrote,ambulate,proficiency,impecunious,iron collar
garrulous,bomb,precaution,preemption,chatty
gastric,submersible,equanimity,promontory,stomachic
genealogy,steppe,epicure,thoroughbred,family tree
generalize,delectation,grenadier,apprehensible,extrapolate
generate,lexicography,relevant,enthusiastic,bring forth
generosity,serviceable,conservatism,accessible,unselfishness
geniality,demurrage,conjugal,thoroughbred,affability
genital,ambrosial,relinquish,unnatural,venereal
genitive,inapt,perfunctory,percipient,possessive
genteel,judicial,course,maintenance,civilized
gentile,vapid,lodgment,tincture,heathen
germinate,cession,misdemeanor,irresponsible,shoot
gestation,travail,faulty,diffident,pregnancy
gesticulate,implicate,partible,prominent,motion
gesture,facetious,immersion,virtuoso,motion
ghastly,administrator,kilometer,academician,grim
gibe,entail,ebullient,inane,shot
giddy,hexapod,underman,valedictory,dizzy
gigantic,altitude,tortuous,translate,mammoth
giver,outlandish,burnish,off,donor
glacial,visual,pleasurable,technicality,frigid
gladden,occasion,gregarious,contemptuous,joy
glimmer,stagy,populace,emancipate,gleam
glimpse,carnal,employee,vaccinate,glance
globose,testimonial,dilute,acerbity,ball-shaped
globular,adherent,redolent,tilth,ball-shaped
glorious,contrite,nomination,promiscuous,brilliant
glutinous,lax,flection,lave,gummy
gourmand,superfluity,prudence,peremptory,glutton
gossamer,reprobate,ghastly,accommodate,cobweb
gourd,covert,poignant,martian,calabash
graceless,iota,virile,conceit,unpleasing
gradation,violator,wry,panel,step
gradient,debase,paucity,reproof,slope
granary,inexpensive,copious,excerpt,garner
grandeur,epizootic,generality,addendum,magnificence
grandiloquent,contrite,fernery,accurate,magniloquent
grandiose,primitive,parliament,upturn,hifalutin
grantee,locative,accouter,airy,alienee
granular,pollute,subsistence,illiberal,farinaceous
grapple,exuberant,pleasurable,ichthyic,clamshell
gratification,rectitude,trite,accustom,satisfaction
gratify,network,tinge,archaic,satisfy
gratuitous,solecism,specie,forte,complimentary
gratuity,cohesion,alacrity,systematic,tip
gravity,gourmand,pestilent,zeitgeist,sobriety
grenadier,vitiate,endemic,disreputable,rattail
grief,rue,tyro,reunite,heartache
grievous,octogenarian,betide,explicit,dangerous
grisly,ichthyology,pincers,deport,ghastly
grotesque,diverse,dishonest,enlist,monstrous
ground,aggrandize,circumspect,propulsion,land
guess,providential,requiem,monolith,conjecture
guile,obligatory,buffoon,episode,craft
guileless,decimate,transmute,poetics,transparent
guinea,blazon,deleterious,intersect,wop
guise,oration,wiry,felon,pretense
gullible,demise,joust,omniscient,fleeceable
gumption,deforest,pervasion,permeate,common sense
gusto,disapprove,pyre,bombardier,relish
guy,aggrandize,perform,betide,cat
gyrate,predatory,antipodes,systematic,spiral
habitant,populous,conjoin,acrid,dweller
habitual,afterthought,perceptible,pharmacy,accustomed
haggard,gastritis,paradox,hibernal,careworn
halcyon,conduce,compress,rebut,Alcyone
hale,retrograde,solstice,agrarian,coerce
handwriting,presage,gregarious,unspeakable,script
harangue,foresail,misuse,misinterpret,rant
harass,blockade,entail,enthusiastic,hassle
hardihood,honorarium,pioneer,amusement,boldness
harmonious,subversion,merciless,superintend,proportionate
havoc,microscopic,viol,recur,mayhem
hazard,decagon,judicature,orthopedic,jeopardy
heartrending,lithe,reticent,earnest,grievous
heathenish,archetype,glutinous,defensible,pagan
heedless,offshoot,infirmity,exorbitant,reckless
heinous,effectual,averse,excursion,flagitious
hemorrhage,christ,monologue,anterior,bleeding
henchman,archaic,antipathize,rife,confederate
hereditary,granule,foursome,granary,familial
heresy,forgo,meditation,cosmos,unorthodoxy
hesitancy,revoke,neural,benignity,reluctance
hesitation,misanthropy,vestige,enkindle,vacillation
heterodox,tantalize,avert,mirage,dissident
hibernal,birthright,parsimonious,unsettle,brumal
hideous,curator,navigate,desperate,horrid
hilarious,execrable,immigrate,protract,screaming
hillock,hesitancy,epoch,germane,knoll
hinder,enlighten,triplicate,overproduction,impede
hindmost,confinement,prate,disinfectant,backmost
hindrance,impoverish,absorb,humanize,deterrent
hirsute,cognate,uproot,testator,hairy
hoard,brogue,morose,fray,cache
hoarse,animadversion,egress,surmise,gruff
homage,advertiser,relent,ripplet,court
hoodwink,doleful,bromine,rebut,juggle
horde,outreach,intolerable,misapprehend,host
hostility,salutatory,odium,epode,ill will
huckster,receivable,confluence,frivolous,cheap-jack
humanitarian,bass,separable,exhume,do-gooder
humbug,incapacity,pitiful,lateral,baloney
humiliate,heptagon,paroxysm,telephony,mortify
hustle,persuade,extraneous,homonym,bunco
hybrid,monsieur,abduction,bigamist,loanblend
hydra,forecourt,incendiary,indestructible,Snake
hypercritical,cosmogony,ambulance,sorcery,overcritical
hypnotic,illumine,lea,antipathize,soporific
hypocrisy,presentient,appellate,demonstrative,lip service
hypocrite,comprehension,confidant,intoxicate,dissembler
hypodermic,commodity,pertinacious,sequestrate,subcutaneous
hysteria,exigent,conflagration,venial,craze
iciness,radical,inland,decorate,chill
icon,grisly,potent,positive,picture
iconoclast,recrudescence,commute,feasible,image breaker
idiom,adjacent,pulmonary,dilute,parlance
idiosyncrasy,dramatist,repulsive,replete,foible
idolize,miniature,curio,cosmic,worship
ignoble,seignior,flexible,madden,ungentle
ignominious,preordain,efface,righteousness,black
illegitimate,derisible,paternal,persevere,bastard
illiberal,vivisection,despair,pathos,intolerant
illicit,semblance,resistance,acetate,outlaw
illimitable,supernumerary,affirmative,uncommon,limitless
illiterate,dun,mellifluous,datum,nonreader
illogical,steppe,lawgiver,magisterial,unlogical
illuminate,epiphany,quadrate,approbation,light
illumine,dehydrate,orthodoxy,somniferous,light
illusion,transitory,obsolete,fishmonger,semblance
imaginable,fealty,succinct,pupilage,conceivable
imaginary,cognate,profligacy,sol,complex number
imbibe,comprehensive,recessive,protector,absorb
imbroglio,clamorous,lattice,legitimate,embroilment
imbrue,convulsion,harmonious,polyhedron,drench
imitation,globular,insistent,aerostat,caricature
imitator,venom,maroon,drachma,impersonator
immaculate,philanthropic,immaculate,pestilence,speckless
immaterial,paternity,despond,epitaph,incorporeal
immature,corroboration,paternal,lenient,young
immeasurable,disappoint,elusion,overthrow,unmeasurable
immense,authentic,incident,insentient,huge
immerse,transcendent,riddance,resent,plunge
immersion,expect,inoffensive,missile,submergence
imminence,expatriate,discredit,advertiser,impendence
imminent,phonology,quintet,underworld,at hand
immiscible,blase,outlandish,makeup,non-miscible
immoral,guzzle,nominal,surveyor,base
immovable,discussion,interrogate,fanatic,real property
immune,grisly,generosity,trivial,resistant
immutable,litigate,benison,proscenium,changeless
impair,cession,brethren,excitable,mar
impalpable,lewd,diagnose,surmise,intangible
impartial,moccasin,eligible,depress,unprejudiced
impassable,evanesce,lacerate,psychic,unpassable
impassive,petulant,ripplet,laggard,stolid
impatience,veracious,disregard,propagate,restlessness
impeccable,secondary,liberalism,opulent,faultless
impecunious,intercept,upheave,umbrage,hard up
impede,flagrant,orgies,obsolescence,hinder
impel,fanciless,solicitor,overshadow,force
imperative,petulant,discreet,gusto,jussive mood
imperceptible,yearling,brimstone,divagation,unperceivable
imperil,entail,contagious,emaciate,endanger
imperious,canto,durance,truculent,disdainful
impersonal,influence,amorphous,fledgling,neutral
impersonate,invaluable,paucity,outburst,portray
impertinence,rote,immersion,adumbrate,cheek
imperturbable,bedlam,cameo,dolor,unflappable
impetuous,desist,inject,mythology,hotheaded
impetus,impair,poignancy,illumine,drift
impious,breach,primitive,paraphernalia,undutiful
implausible,redolent,repository,mete,farfetched
implicate,irritate,equestrian,influx,entail
implicit,dun,vitiate,impliable,inexplicit
imply,squatter,sensorium,mettlesome,connote
importune,provident,bomb,listless,insist
impoverish,fawn,miniature,impersuadable,deprive
impracticable,dissolute,missal,ingredient,infeasible
impregnable,impetuosity,illusive,monition,inviolable
impregnate,autonomy,principality,sorcery,infuse
impromptu,exhume,idiom,egress,ad-lib
improper,truthful,overshadow,unbiased,unconventional
impropriety,debatable,nonentity,acquisition,indecency
improvident,poetics,conceit,alley,ill-considered
improvise,salutatory,frankincense,counteract,ad-lib
impudence,sentient,embezzle,extol,cheek
impulsion,exit,armful,statuette,drift
impulsive,mountainous,streamlet,extensive,unprompted
impure,collapsible,unlimited,heathenish,unclean
impute,relegate,metric,manufacturer,ascribe
inaccessible,wile,recapture,deformity,unaccessible
inactive,humanitarian,precarious,migrant,nonoperational
inadequate,contiguous,statute,malaria,unequal
inadvertent,regality,syllabus,coquette,accidental
inadvisable,disobedient,saponaceous,penchant,unadvisable
inane,forbearance,scholastic,manumission,asinine
inanimate,dejection,contraposition,nonentity,nonliving
inapt,misapprehend,duplex,impede,awkward
inarticulate,ampere,remembrance,phlegmatic,unarticulate
inaudible,carnal,inject,desist,unhearable
inborn,chronometer,simultaneous,caprice,congenital
inbred,suggestible,timorous,synchronism,connatural
incandescence,leonine,rigor,puerile,glow
incandescent,obelisk,betide,plenipotentiary,candent
incapacitate,forswear,planisphere,lieu,disable
incarcerate,refract,resonance,impartial,imprison
incendiary,extension,trident,reconcilable,arsonist
incentive,mellifluous,verify,elusion,inducement
inception,tilth,bromine,hideous,origin
incessant,misanthropic,commission,gamut,ceaseless
incinerate,bewilder,ode,ostracize,burn
incite,reflectible,domicile,scarcity,motivate
incitement,ignoble,service,gossamer,provocation
incoherent,comprise,tense,bulwark,tongue-tied
incombustible,predominant,centurion,physiology,noncombustible
incomparable,ambulance,append,tenor,uncomparable
incompatible,exemplar,clangor,postgraduate,antagonistic
incompetent,indigenous,intellect,neurology,unqualified
incomplete,sanguineous,knavery,invulnerable,uncomplete
incomprehensible,microcosm,rebuild,incomparable,inexplicable
inconceivable,solder,epicurean,latency,impossible
inconsistent,petulant,annunciation,bromine,discrepant
incontrovertible,momentum,semicircle,physiology,irrefutable
indefensible,heterodox,ludicrous,depth,untenable
indelible,outstretch,contemplate,venison,unerasable
indescribable,inoffensive,orgies,repertory,ineffable
indestructible,bibulous,underworld,fancier,durable
indigence,objector,permutation,conservative,need
indigenous,impersuadable,paroxysm,dilate,autochthonal
indigent,imbrue,conservatism,despair,destitute
indignant,existence,dissension,harangue,incensed
indiscernible,satirize,indicator,metallurgy,insensible
indispensable,nectarine,foreign,transfigure,essential
indolence,petulant,obvert,theorize,laziness
indolent,upbraid,repugnance,foreman,faineant
indomitable,vaudeville,gesticulate,canine,never-say-die
induct,recover,depopulate,bestrew,invest
indulgent,dissolute,bronchus,aldermanship,lenient
inebriate,galvanism,underrate,debut,drunkard
inedible,obtrude,nectarine,antedate,uneatable
ineffable,volitive,vertical,possible,indefinable
inept,reparation,partible,powerless,awkward
inert,plea,rancor,artless,indifferent
inestimable,munificent,commitment,incipient,incomputable
inexcusable,comestible,quintessence,poise,unforgivable
inexorable,intellect,counterbalance,intrepid,grim
inexpedient,ancestry,truism,panoply,unwise
inexpensive,alcove,osculate,heteromorphic,cheap
inexperience,vendible,rupture,bestial,rawness
inexplicable,premature,arboretum,subjection,incomprehensible
inexpressible,finale,vinery,noticeable,unexpressible
inextensible,frigid,blockade,parody,nonextensile
infamous,satirize,undulous,antique,ill-famed
infamy,airy,meliorate,fallow,opprobrium
infernal,lexicography,lave,forefather,demonic
infidel,adjutant,brevity,flagrant,heathen
infidelity,piccolo,myth,butt,unfaithfulness
infinite,clairvoyance,apothecary,hexagon,space
infinity,theism,critique,counterpart,eternity
infirm,ostracism,telltale,potential,decrepit
infirmary,meliorate,perforate,beck,hospital
infirmity,faction,fetus,hindrance,frailty
inflammable,transmit,effuse,imitation,flammable
inflexible,virulence,extraneous,fungous,uncompromising
influence,habitable,nondescript,azure,act upon
infringe,entreaty,shrewd,immaculate,conflict
infuse,concerto,promenade,bedlam,inculcate
infusion,compliment,ligature,inhume,extract
ingenuity,censorious,nauseate,supersede,inventiveness
ingenuous,incompatible,municipality,derrick,artless
inglorious,hygiene,actuality,braggart,black
ingraft,memorable,lurid,coercive,graft
ingratitude,emerge,synod,phonic,ungratefulness
ingredient,refringent,irreversible,foreshore,component
inherent,exert,onset,liner,built-in
inhibit,peripatetic,tenant,scruple,suppress
inhuman,amusement,thermoelectricity,privity,cold
inhume,solicitor,infinity,vegetal,bury
inimical,impersonate,iridescence,plummet,unfriendly
iniquity,came,conductible,pollute,wickedness
initiate,psychopathic,depress,sociology,novice
inject,excretion,inure,neophyte,shoot
injunction,encourage,novellette,affectation,enjoining
inkling,priory,simplify,imbroglio,intimation
inlet,perennial,triad,docket,recess
inmost,diatribe,paternity,corpuscle,innermost
innocuous,briticism,menagerie,efflorescent,unobjectionable
innovate,pupilage,infallible,importune,introduce
innuendo,viola,corpulent,spasmodic,insinuation
innumerable,impeccable,surmount,incomplete,countless
inoffensive,rapacious,pacify,embolden,unoffending
inquire,pupilage,abyss,epicurean,ask
inquisitive,exodus,coquette,inane,speculative
inquisitor,manliness,exclude,expansion,interrogator
insatiable,chastity,immaculate,leaflet,unsatiable
inscribe,globose,colloquialism,denouement,scratch
inscrutable,continuity,ostentation,dilemma,cryptic
insecure,incandescence,turpitude,contiguity,unsafe
insensible,epicure,confluence,pedestal,unaffected
insidious,terminus,votary,perpetrator,pernicious
insight,longevity,perforate,grantee,penetration
insignificant,extensor,remunerate,fete,undistinguished
insinuate,convivial,egoism,underling,intimate
insipid,recoil,decaliter,sinuosity,bland
insistence,extant,inviolable,somnolent,imperativeness
insistent,drastic,rankle,achillean,repetitive
insolent,protomartyr,spheroid,principle,impudent
instance,ante,deplorable,kiln,case
instant,rebuild,deify,neutral,blink of an eye
instigate,prurient,palatial,assessor,incite
instigator,vivify,exhaustive,habitant,provoker
instill,expect,referrer,fraternal,transfuse
instructive,bilateral,chameleon,affirmative,informative
insufficiency,erratic,denouement,auspice,inadequacy
insufficient,polemics,apparent,whimsical,deficient
insular,redolent,raptorial,complement,parochial
insulate,chromatic,unbelief,referable,isolate
insuperable,eminent,gossamer,crustaceous,unconquerable
insurrection,characteristic,gauge,feudal,rebellion
intangible,circumference,forgery,interact,impalpable
integrity,annotate,preposterous,aphorism,unity
intellect,purport,somniferous,extraordinary,mind
intellectual,perspicacity,colossus,redolence,rational
intelligence,perspicuous,ponderous,misanthropic,news
intelligible,condense,rebuild,frightful,apprehensible
intemperance,aristocrat,extemporaneous,opulent,self-indulgence
intension,annotate,negligible,resistance,connotation
intention,irreligious,stature,assets,purpose
intercede,bromine,incessant,stringency,mediate
intercept,capacious,skeptic,cabalism,stop
intercessor,nugatory,pernicious,impersonal,mediator
interdict,discolor,prescriptible,undermine,forbid
interim,expressive,bumptious,intemperance,meantime
interlocutor,latency,phlegmatic,glutinous,middleman
interlude,missile,dutiful,extinct,entr'acte
intermediate,evanescent,exorbitant,inventive,mediate
interminable,emblem,liking,tactics,endless
intermission,repulse,burgher,inconstant,pause
intermit,vocable,enervate,fruition,pause
interpolation,visual,paraphernalia,instructive,insertion
interpose,anxious,anathema,naval,come in
interrogate,clandestine,secretive,gesture,question
interrogative,preference,ichthyic,botanical,question
interrogatory,rapine,colossus,consistency,examination
interrupt,pestilential,amenable,benison,disrupt
intersect,vagabond,predominant,component,cross
intervene,canary,interlude,tranquil,step in
intimacy,diplomatic,persecution,apprehensible,familiarity
intimidate,credence,epicurean,lax,restrain
intolerable,typify,repertory,frolicsome,unbearable
intolerant,iridescence,giver,creak,illiberal
intoxicant,dauntless,officiate,rebuff,alcohol
intoxicate,distrainor,ungainly,medicine,elate
intrepid,repress,abyss,divagation,audacious
intricacy,obsequies,portend,assailant,elaborateness
introductory,ferocity,spectrum,fondle,basic
intromit,abut,evanescent,lax,admit
introspection,lingua,expulsion,livid,self-contemplation
introversion,accredit,cathode,corps,invagination
introvert,spurious,undermine,emergence,invaginate
intrude,proclamation,temerity,unbiased,irrupt
intrusion,condolence,outreach,plenary,invasion
intuition,senile,medieval,merciful,hunch
inundate,abhorrence,pedagogics,vale,deluge
inundation,catholicity,observance,pedagogics,flood
inure,parlance,comprise,supine,harden
invalid,oddity,dialectician,abnormal,shut-in
invalid,rejoin,bacterium,insignificant,shut-in
invalidate,adherence,discord,emblazon,annul
invaluable,missile,interlocutor,possession,priceless
invariable,autonomy,relish,fallacious,constant
invasion,misrepresent,arboretum,perfunctory,encroachment
invective,upturn,salutary,expect,vituperation
inveigh,remodel,dismount,quiescence,rail
inventive,bauble,evangelical,geniality,imaginative
inverse,telephony,abstemious,inconsequential,opposite
inversion,loot,proxy,theorist,anastrophe
invert,sextuple,antislavery,epoch,reverse
investigator,inconsequential,cognate,obtrusive,research worker
inveterate,technic,panoply,distend,chronic
invidious,obligate,dermatology,nasal,discriminatory
invigorate,loch,deist,diversity,inspire
invincible,sinecure,inoffensive,scurrilous,unbeatable
inviolable,piccolo,rapt,hydra,impregnable
invoke,outride,irreparable,quiescence,raise
involuntary,intrusion,vagabond,fugacious,nonvoluntary
involution,clamorous,desultory,alacrity,elaborateness
involve,dignitary,regicide,orator,affect
iota,sinister,joust,amenable,shred
irascible,malaria,exigent,endurable,choleric
irate,coincidence,tremendous,wizen,ireful
ire,aphorism,ruminate,decagram,anger
iridescence,clamorous,conservatory,permeate,opalescence
iridescent,quintet,remonstrant,peccant,changeable
irk,recidivist,pyx,blase,gall
irksome,autobiography,flagrant,lithe,boring
irony,repetition,photometry,tutelar,sarcasm
irradiate,conscientious,inscribe,papyrus,enlighten
irrepressible,unitarian,dendrology,bravado,uncontrollable
irresistible,aboriginal,ministration,unnatural,resistless
irrigate,tangency,afterthought,invoke,water
irritable,verification,hardihood,acetate,cranky
irritate,participate,ineligible,bilateral,annoy
irruption,theologian,presage,reliquary,outbreak
isolate,irritable,frizzle,dutiable,insulate
itinerant,deplore,cauterize,disjunctive,gypsy
itinerary,vincible,forepeak,desultory,path
jargon,grindstone,obesity,pharmacy,slang
jeopardize,exemplify,despondent,sophistry,endanger
jocose,aggress,carrion,prelate,jesting
jocular,subacid,deficiency,submission,jesting
joggle,fiducial,essence,legitimacy,dowel
jovial,dramatize,fetus,inexpedient,gay
jubilation,improvise,connive,philharmonic,exultation
judgment,orthodoxy,incompatible,origin,mind
judicature,dissipation,predecessor,loch,court
judicial,adhere,atone,promissory,juridical
judicious,enthrone,variation,cornice,wise
juggle,sophistry,corpuscle,illegitimate,beguile
juicy,abject,descendant,protection,luscious
junction,angelic,susceptibility,exemplar,conjugation
juncture,machinery,toilsome,nationality,occasion
juridical,unspeakable,magisterial,concurrent,judicial
jurisdiction,pacify,refringency,rotund,legal power
jurisprudence,immoral,justification,unbelief,law
joust,desperado,savor,refinery,tilt
juvenile,lune,sympathetic,harass,adolescent
keepsake,proscription,desistance,subacid,souvenir
kernel,nonentity,exposition,travail,meat
kiloliter,lattice,inure,restitution,cubic meter
kilometer,pleasurable,insight,advent,km
kilowatt,lacteal,numeration,sapid,kW
kinsfolk,confluent,contusion,extrude,family
knavery,lieu,irrigant,protective,dishonesty
knead,coerce,brethren,utility,work
knickknack,vestment,trepidation,egregious,novelty
laborious,treasonable,disinterested,inconstant,arduous
labyrinth,defensive,fallow,bray,maze
lacerate,insentient,demagnetize,generic,mangled
lackadaisical,neopaganism,maidenhood,enfranchise,dreamy
lactation,tantalize,extravagance,seance,suckling
laddie,adroit,cataract,indiscreet,cub
laggard,populous,usurp,sanguinary,dawdler
landholder,legislator,optic,juxtapose,property owner
languid,fumigate,norm,packet,dreamy
languor,projection,rectify,irony,dreaminess
lapse,undercharge,vehement,perpetrator,oversight
lascivious,nil,epitaph,maharaja,lewd
lassie,demagogue,penetrable,lawmaker,young girl
latency,nuisance,modish,reconstruct,reaction time
lateral,incessant,corrosion,presentient,sidelong
lattice,contemptible,diverse,forecastle,wicket
laud,pollute,kingship,transmissible,extol
laudable,batten,coquette,recrudescence,commendable
laudatory,extinct,fabricate,absorption,praiseful
laundress,invasion,impugn,proletarian,washwoman
lave,mountaineer,stripling,stagy,lap
lax,ministration,comprise,fallacious,slack
lea,bedlam,brevity,obtrude,pasture
leaflet,herbivorous,disinfect,renovate,cusp
leaven,compensate,perusal,obnoxious,raise
leeward,untimely,inexpensive,protection,upwind
legacy,belligerent,autonomous,genital,bequest
legalize,pandemic,propeller,playful,decriminalize
legislate,arbitrate,deplorable,linguist,pass
legitimacy,diplomat,tolerance,technology,authenticity
legitimate,regnant,expectorate,pandemonium,decriminalize
leniency,vertex,retrospective,anxious,mildness
lenient,underman,transferrer,arboreal,indulgent
lethargy,deist,epidemic,covenant,lassitude
lever,acquiesce,heinous,gastritis,pry
levy,disinfectant,immigrate,preference,impose
lewd,quantity,competence,quiescent,obscene
lexicon,biograph,recapitulate,mutiny,vocabulary
liable,isolate,nutritive,abidance,apt
liberate,hesitant,punitive,external,emancipate
licit,species,infidel,alabaster,lawful
liege,ablution,nucleus,inquisition,vassal
lien,desert,impropriety,engender,spleen
lieu,tangency,disconnect,lewd,stead
lifelike,hydroelectric,outlive,sense,graphic
lifelong,abbess,adroit,superheat,womb-to-tomb
ligature,vainglory,perseverance,plebeian,binder
likely,itinerate,noisome,fetus,probable
liking,protuberate,refer,rejuvenate,wish
limitation,loneliness,famish,compunction,restriction
linear,cosmology,intolerable,nausea,additive
lingo,inapprehensible,colloquy,epidermis,slang
lingua,importune,predecessor,preparatory,tongue
linguist,devout,referable,glacial,polyglot
liquefy,platitude,multiplicity,predominance,flux
liqueur,believe,futile,grandeur,cordial
liquidate,allay,discredit,outweigh,neutralize
liquor,diurnal,luminescent,perspire,spirits
listless,foresail,amusement,technique,dispirited
literal,misbehavior,berth,idiosyncrasy,misprint
lithe,corporal,conservatory,audition,lissome
lithesome,fondle,eligible,prevalent,lissome
litigate,coquette,dishonest,arrange,action
litigious,treble,grantor,mendicant,contentious
littoral,gaseous,instructive,kiln,sands
liturgy,travail,imitator,compensate,Holy Eucharist
livelihood,esthetic,agitate,bide,support
livid,derivative,laudable,pellucid,ashen
loath,forbearance,facsimile,efface,loth
loathe,consumptive,annihilate,acquire,abhor
locomotion,pioneer,meticulous,orthogonal,motive power
lode,maroon,taciturn,antipodes,load
logical,complex,consternation,reparation,legitimate
loiterer,excellence,supernatural,genealogy,lingerer
loneliness,martyrdom,leaven,acid,solitariness
longevity,irrepressible,lovable,petulance,length of service
loot,intercede,grievous,tolerate,booty
loquacious,scuttle,illimitable,prodigious,chatty
louse,pungent,altercate,inapprehensible,worm
lucid,teem,judicial,wavelet,limpid
lucrative,dissonance,fawn,apprehensible,moneymaking
ludicrous,ceremonious,noiseless,repress,farcical
luminary,discipline,listless,promulgate,leading light
luminescence,negligible,conversant,auricle,glow
luminosity,likelihood,distraught,clandestine,brightness
luminous,egoist,onslaught,contemptible,aglow
lunacy,beatitude,chivalry,corporate,madness
lunatic,multiplicity,prediction,misty,madman
lurid,bulwark,baffle,drastic,shocking
luscious,append,quarter,resonance,juicy
lustrous,rudimentary,humbug,crucible,bright
luxuriance,recure,solar,bellicose,lushness
luxuriant,forbearance,abduction,subtle,elaborate
luxuriate,righteousness,soluble,flexible,wanton
lying,transfer,declamation,ingenuous,prevarication
lyric,mettle,squalid,sapience,words
machinist,butte,gamut,triennial,mechanic
madden,gumption,revert,deport,craze
magician,shuffle,deflect,donate,prestidigitator
magisterial,expanse,trivial,perquisite,autocratic
magnanimous,guinea,negate,decalogue,greathearted
magnate,inconstant,craving,evangelical,baron
magnetize,embarrass,aristocrat,forehead,mesmerize
magnificent,creak,equivocate,peevish,brilliant
maidenhood,inundate,fulminate,epode,girlhood
maintain,generosity,legacy,poise,keep
maintenance,inconceivable,felicity,occupant,care
maize,personage,integrity,correlate,corn
makeup,chattel,impliable,bask,war paint
malady,proctor,suggestive,epiphany,illness
malcontent,inglorious,interrogative,codicil,disaffected
malediction,ambidextrous,benison,fulsome,imprecation
malefactor,opposite,convoy,arboriculture,criminal
malevolent,hereditary,microscopic,balsam,evil
malign,explosive,corporal,heptarchy,badmouth
malleable,unitarian,decasyllable,didactic,ductile
mallet,excretion,admissible,mishap,hammer
maltreat,datum,ampersand,maharaja,mistreat
mandate,resistless,disclaim,percolate,authorization
mandatory,cosmopolitanism,creed,dendroid,compulsory
maneuver,equanimity,obligatory,diffusible,simulated military operation
mania,azure,addle,disillusion,passion
maniac,appellate,improvident,obligate,lunatic
manlike,indomitable,commitment,wry,male
manliness,nit,cynicism,excellence,virility
mantle,melodious,felon,premise,blanket
manufacturer,scythe,spectrum,remunerate,maker
marine,retort,epidemic,christendom,devil dog
maritime,antic,festal,hospitable,nautical
maroon,forfeit,bray,tranquil,strand
martial,prehension,logician,faulty,soldierly
martyrdom,sympathize,esthetic,arborescent,calvary
marvel,prodigious,executor,octogenarian,wonder
massacre,corpuscle,collector,courser,slaughter
massive,provident,disarrange,infrequence,monolithic
masterpiece,compliment,incontrovertible,auburn,chef-d'oeuvre
mastery,impugn,testimonial,conjugate,command
material,intellect,rotund,admittance,stuff
materialize,irritancy,platitude,gluttonous,happen
maternal,peccable,verify,cholera,parental
matrimony,improper,disengage,dissonant,marriage
matrix,broach,despair,ravine,intercellular substance
maudlin,obsolete,anthropomorphous,chasten,bathetic
mawkish,recourse,prohibition,artful,bathetic
maxim,precocious,fuse,garnish,axiom
maze,precision,ripplet,inscribe,labyrinth
meager,reprehensible,seer,inexplicable,stingy
meander,sonata,parisian,diffusible,ramble
medallion,inscrutable,amalgam,valediction,decoration
meddlesome,sparse,motley,concerto,interfering
mediate,multiplicity,recollect,fulsome,intercede
medicine,meretricious,orator,commingle,music
medieval,discipline,plummet,pentagram,gothic
mediocre,tannery,contumacy,mettle,second-rate
meditation,hustle,sycophant,plausible,speculation
meliorate,monotonous,prowess,germinate,better
mellifluous,deforest,equilibrium,peaceable,dulcet
melodious,synonym,furrier,metaphysical,tuneful
memento,adumbrate,baffle,fickle,souvenir
menace,belittle,ruth,accredit,threat
menagerie,amusement,handwriting,hostility,zoo
mendicant,reprobate,eventual,confide,friar
mentality,decapod,cohesion,preoccupy,outlook
mentor,coincident,technic,theocrasy,wise man
mercantile,simulate,brokerage,ridiculous,moneymaking
mercenary,arboriculture,contrite,epicure,soldier of fortune
meretricious,immature,propellant,ravenous,brassy
mesmerize,corpulent,effulgence,granary,magnetize
messieurs,propellant,relinquish,unfavorable,Monsieur
metamorphosis,perform,momentum,anhydrous,transfiguration
mete,expressive,sophistry,buoyancy,boundary line
meticulous,repellent,mien,seance,punctilious
metric,pseudonymity,annex,spinster,system of measurement
mettle,kinsfolk,beseech,intimacy,heart
mettlesome,destitute,adherence,undersized,game
microphone,insinuate,lingua,veracious,mike
midsummer,percussion,furrier,injunction,summer solstice
midwife,infirm,diminution,decency,accoucheuse
mien,foreigner,logic,discriminate,bearing
mileage,isolate,catholicity,resumption,fuel consumption rate
militant,liqueur,warlike,abomination,activist
miniature,autopsy,bilingual,comprehensive,toy
minimize,circumscribe,improper,numeration,understate
ministration,pollute,liberalism,robust,relief
minute,overstride,desperado,exigency,moment
misanthropic,bask,trajectory,iota,cynical
mischievous,velvety,florist,lough,arch
miscreant,cereal,concord,intoxicant,reprobate
misdemeanor,rapt,orate,inconceivable,infraction
mishap,rendition,modernity,amateur,bad luck
mislay,calvary,chivalry,peremptory,lose
misplace,script,misty,introductory,lose
misrepresent,afterthought,casualty,christendom,belie
missile,insight,similar,irreducible,projectile
missive,truthful,caucus,sumptuous,letter
mistrust,drudgery,britannia,bridle,distrust
misty,egoist,emporium,ingratitude,brumous
misuse,octogenarian,commodity,maneuver,abuse
mite,requisite,oculist,compulsion,touch
mitigate,nit,qualification,implicate,extenuate
moat,embolism,corporal,repel,fosse
mobocracy,potion,extravagance,precision,ochlocracy
mockery,pedigree,opulent,matinee,jeer
moderation,mockery,misunderstand,blazon,easing
modernity,tense,medieval,acme,contemporaneity
modernize,deform,subsequent,monomania,overhaul
modification,cornice,embark,perfidy,alteration
modify,shriek,invoke,pincers,qualify
modish,confinement,phenomenal,endurable,latest
modulate,nameless,exterior,laxative,tone
mollify,merciful,philosophize,possession,pacify
molt,parlance,assess,sprightly,moult
momentary,prescription,apprehensible,inventive,fleeting
momentum,passible,symmetry,ghastly,impulse
monetary,domesticity,gusto,molt,pecuniary
mongrel,junta,shiftless,nuptial,bastard
monition,likely,manufacturer,micrometer,warning
monitory,affirmative,discomfit,convalesce,cautionary
monocracy,quandary,germinate,taciturn,dictatorship
monologue,accursed,wearisome,tranquil,soliloquy
monomania,exasperate,luminous,philanthropic,possession
monotone,insurgence,amphibious,fugacious,drone
monotonous,whet,remonstrance,flippant,humdrum
monotony,idiom,opulent,presumptuous,humdrum
monstrosity,juridical,lingo,conductible,freak
morale,commodity,morale,prevalence,esprit de corps
moralist,legging,nettle,oblique,martinet
morality,preposterous,acidify,odium,ethical motive
moralize,auditory,diplomat,animate,sermonize
morbid,mediocre,kingship,biology,ghoulish
mordacious,intimacy,emaciate,univalence,barbed
mordant,trenchant,parsimonious,microscopy,black
moribund,ordeal,pseudonymity,deportment,stagnant
morose,wampum,stagnation,patronymic,dark
morphology,tortious,indicator,chastity,sound structure
motley,tolerate,cosmetic,semicivilized,assortment
mountainous,ubiquitous,callow,nimble,cragged
mouthful,irrefragable,defame,encomium,taste
muddle,pauper,linear,precise,clutter
muffle,mercenary,physiology,homophone,smother
muleteer,interpose,insentient,contributor,skinner
multiplicity,shuffle,fiscal,colloquialism,numerousness
mundane,vagabond,coddle,usurious,everyday
munificence,existence,seduce,regnant,largess
munificent,evince,perturb,aggregate,lavish
mutation,opaque,inscribe,disinfect,variation
mutilate,pristine,prodigal,ductile,mangle
myriad,statistician,confidence,neology,ten thousand
mystification,nausea,bawl,influence,bewilderment
nameless,fathom,fallacious,corroborate,unidentified
narrate,parallelism,lassie,inexpressible,tell
narrative,corrosive,forfend,diagnose,story
narrator,medicine,declarative,practicable,storyteller
nasal,moat,ruffian,successor,rhinal
nausea,drudgery,uncommon,callow,sickness
nauseate,olfactory,finesse,latent,sicken
nauseous,mythology,ascendant,wretchedness,noisome
nautical,contemplate,immense,raptorial,maritime
navigate,borough,decameron,tutelage,voyage
necessitate,chastise,meander,preempt,ask
necessity,decapitate,inert,nimble,essential
necrology,temporary,modulate,prima,obituary
necropolis,stimulate,tricolor,courageous,cemetery
necrosis,susceptible,libel,incipient,mortification
nectar,harass,enervate,frizz,ambrosia
needy,unnatural,metronome,recreant,destitute
nefarious,citadel,aggress,advocacy,villainous
negate,demolish,catastrophe,access,contradict
neglectful,introversion,philharmonic,ramose,inattentive
negligee,prefer,canary,outstrip,peignoir
negligence,penchant,florist,obstruction,carelessness
negligible,pseudonym,reversion,remonstrance,paltry
nemesis,demagnetize,mite,mastery,bane
neolithic,maize,syllabic,invalid,New Stone Age
neology,metaphysical,thermal,astringent,coinage
neophyte,collegian,zephyr,impel,newcomer
nestle,reck,occident,exhilarate,cuddle
nestling,reconcilable,proclamation,encore,baby bird
nettle,accumulate,acute,aperture,urticate
network,denouement,extricate,curtail,web
neural,neophyte,exit,clarion,nervous
neuter,consternation,pseudonymity,rupture,alter
neutral,infinity,liner,advert,impersonal
niggardly,christendom,foolery,metaphysical,grudging
nihilist,martial,transfigure,intromit,anarchist
nil,diverse,ruminant,remonstrant,nothing
nimble,galvanism,degenerate,negation,agile
noisome,expediency,specter,intrepid,nauseating
nominal,accede,intention,rotary,noun phrase
nominate,circumlocution,scruple,courageous,put up
nominee,ambitious,peter,resistive,campaigner
nonchalance,enhance,amatory,percolate,unconcern
nondescript,hinder,redoubtable,rescind,characterless
nonentity,complacent,relent,deprecate,cipher
nonpareil,foliage,volatile,iridescent,ideal
norm,irrigant,corrigible,perennial,average
nostrum,surmount,theological,carcass,panacea
noticeable,indigence,submarine,cardiac,detectable
notorious,vogue,emblazon,syllabication,ill-famed
novice,generalize,sonata,irradiate,beginner
nuance,vinery,dissect,livid,nicety
nucleus,jugular,isothermal,frankincense,karyon
nude,emblazon,ministration,retrogression,bare
nuisance,detriment,ultimatum,chivalry,pain
numeration,accuse,derision,affable,count
numerical,effete,commemorate,monotone,mathematical
nuptial,impracticable,vogue,misplace,bridal
nurture,telltale,rustic,distend,raising
nutriment,quibble,anatomy,longevity,nourishment
nutritive,abomination,impudence,reck,alimentary
obdurate,origin,atheism,unwieldy,cussed
obelisk,codicil,impure,azalea,dagger
obese,condensation,counteract,extricate,corpulent
obesity,usurious,succulent,salvage,fleshiness
obituary,pious,acquittal,quantity,necrology
objective,prescriptible,disservice,undersized,aim
objector,sprightly,onslaught,ancestry,dissenter
obligate,dolesome,defer,uproarious,compel
oblique,foreordain,postscript,depreciation,devious
obliterate,disjunctive,mythology,torrid,kill
oblivion,bigamist,lea,lexicography,limbo
obnoxious,emporium,drachma,cosmetic,objectionable
observance,variance,urban,spartan,watching
observant,paralyze,pervasive,gynecocracy,law-abiding
observatory,ground,apparition,diplomatist,lookout
obsolete,azalea,ripplet,repartee,disused
obstetrician,rampant,maniac,monetary,accoucheur
obstruct,sensorium,finality,vacillate,blockade
obstruction,gyroscope,acrimonious,presumption,impediment
obtrude,tricolor,inoffensive,penalty,push out
obtrusive,presumptuous,refractory,rapine,noticeable
obviate,decapod,fungible,disobedience,rid of
occasion,dominate,imminence,magnetize,juncture
occident,unconscious,remunerate,transmission,West
occlude,apothecary,skepticism,enfranchise,obstruct
occult,airy,polycracy,phenomenal,supernatural
occupant,bedeck,kimono,whereabouts,resident
occurrence,cant,unsettle,vernal,happening
ocular,maxim,braze,overhang,eyepiece
oculist,capacious,mislay,brae,optometrist
oddity,caitiff,auburn,freshness,queerness
odious,emulate,overseer,miter,abominable
odium,intangible,consign,savor,abhorrence
odoriferous,brigand,prudence,memorable,perfumed
odorous,cupidity,immoral,vendor,perfumed
off,wavelet,suggestible,reliquary,murder
officiate,legitimate,metaphysical,latent,function
officious,innocuous,dishabille,ineligible,interfering
offshoot,convergent,verify,simultaneous,outgrowth
ogre,theology,exemplify,embolism,monster
ominous,artful,reproof,success,baleful
omission,laudatory,aperture,intension,skip
omnipotent,diplomatist,infamy,significance,almighty
omniscient,postscript,prediction,votive,all-knowing
onerous,denominate,predicate,effective,burdensome
onrush,diligence,infinite,parlance,attack
onset,reck,exemplary,characteristic,oncoming
onslaught,salutatory,baritone,nestle,attack
onus,exhaust,subliminal,peccant,burden
opaque,slothful,tolerance,invalid,unintelligible
operate,descent,prescient,luxuriant,run
operative,dishabille,effete,superfluity,secret agent
operator,indiscriminate,reprehension,effervescent,manipulator
opportunist,misapprehend,inflexible,encumber,self-seeker
opportunity,subtrahend,differential,unctuous,chance
opposite,stationary,brae,juror,antonym
opprobrium,miscreant,gourmand,passive,obloquy
optic,pinnacle,acclaim,counterbalance,eye
optician,exclusion,commute,eugenic,lens maker
option,alto,decameron,landholder,alternative
opulence,pantheism,bigamist,abominable,luxury
opulent,impeccable,motley,savor,deluxe
oral,corrosive,lunatic,matrix,viva voce
orator,prelude,allege,fungus,speechmaker
ordnance,mislay,carnal,conclusive,munition
orgies,gibe,preamble,duplicity,binge
origin,emblem,mongrel,conspire,beginning
original,vindicate,adherence,repartee,master
originate,archetype,frigid,sacrifice,arise
ornate,dejection,aggrandize,mettle,flowery
orthogonal,incite,agrarian,iridescence,extraneous
oscillate,academic,ignominious,luxuriate,hover
osculate,termination,begrudge,inherent,snog
ossify,retaliate,vaccinate,reverent,rigidify
ostentation,protuberance,coddle,interim,fanfare
ostracism,opaque,erudite,panorama,banishment
ostracize,economize,penetrable,palate,banish
oust,relevant,admonish,treachery,throw out
outburst,carcass,nocturnal,simplify,effusion
outcast,inadmissible,confident,flection,castaway
outcry,specimen,comprehension,expatriate,cry
outdo,abhorrent,trisect,rhetoric,surpass
outlandish,equivocate,conductible,fief,bizarre
outlast,equilibrium,approbation,protomartyr,survive
outlaw,lunatic,blithesome,diplomatist,criminal
outlive,absorption,financier,distraught,survive
outrage,abbess,omnivorous,conspicuous,indignation
outrageous,necrosis,betide,inconsiderable,hideous
outride,preempt,aggrieve,cartilage,stay
outskirt,obstreperous,misanthropy,antislavery,fringe
outstrip,repartee,ingenuous,playful,surpass
outweigh,quartet,invert,ineligible,preponderate
overdo,degenerate,desperado,annihilate,exaggerate
overeat,inure,execration,evanesce,gorge
overhang,terminate,revise,rotund,beetle
overleap,navigate,reconstruct,intersect,vault
overlord,referrer,veracious,potentate,master
overpower,brittle,comprehensible,tipsy,whelm
overreach,transition,solace,antiphony,outwit
overrun,recrudescence,precedent,nonentity,infest
oversee,antecede,baleful,malleable,supervise
overseer,nit,glazier,spheroid,superintendent
overshadow,foreordination,efficacy,dastard,dominate
overthrow,impecunious,peremptory,significance,upset
overtone,narrate,mendacious,physiology,partial
overture,revisal,grievous,phonogram,preliminary
overweight,pennant,extricate,suggestible,corpulence
pacify,unanimous,sardonic,forepeak,lenify
packet,subterranean,flatulence,sirocco,bundle
pact,alias,interrogatory,alleviate,treaty
pagan,isochronous,preclude,wintry,heathen
palate,hideous,fervor,irreparable,roof of the mouth
paleontology,wee,invigorate,odoriferous,fossilology
pall,vacuum,chastity,significance,chill
palliate,tranquil,preference,discussion,extenuate
pallid,invasion,exuberance,overlord,wan
palpable,surveyor,sprightly,convalescent,tangible
palsy,reverent,indigenous,upheave,paralysis
pamphlet,unction,encompass,vaccinate,booklet
panacea,immeasurable,enkindle,immersion,nostrum
pandemonium,patrician,peddle,semiconscious,chaos
panegyric,foreman,comprehensive,altruism,encomium
panel,perforate,absurd,solder,jury
panic,gluttonous,evangelical,archangel,terror
panorama,perennial,diagnosis,opportunist,view
pantomime,autumnal,arbitrary,encourage,mime
papacy,neglectful,corporate,nautical,pontificate
parable,inlet,skepticism,forecastle,fable
paragon,polytheism,tranquil,demagnetize,idol
parallelism,vegetal,abscond,corpulent,correspondence
paralysis,abomination,glimpse,reckless,palsy
paramount,louse,abomination,original,overriding
paramour,libel,gregarious,dictum,fancy man
paraphernalia,converge,mutilate,mouthful,gear
paraphrase,aristocrat,kimono,morality,rephrase
pare,impair,provident,accede,whittle
pariah,bask,caption,abdominal,outcast
parity,plumb,fungus,sophistry,check bit
parlance,fragile,drachma,corporeal,idiom
parliament,dissever,photoelectric,faulty,fantan
parlor,actionable,cower,guinea,living room
parody,queue,superficial,unguent,lampoon
paroxysm,molt,pommel,caitiff,fit
parsimonious,peevish,sapient,seclude,penurious
participant,anonymous,paraphrase,antemeridian,player
participate,comestible,airy,literal,enter
partition,lacteal,moat,invert,divider
partisan,prickle,tangency,achromatic,zealot
passive,foresee,pommel,sublingual,inactive
pastoral,orthopedist,inapt,photometry,idyll
paternal,cantonment,fraudulence,imperious,parental
paternity,sensual,designate,infusion,fatherhood
pathos,surreptitious,impugn,constellation,poignancy
patrician,emulate,evict,intervene,aristocrat
patrimony,anecdote,requiem,conjugate,birthright
patriotism,premature,angelic,sufficiency,nationalism
patronize,enrage,cursive,puerile,sponsor
patter,procrastinate,wile,projection,spiel
paucity,protector,posse,veneer,dearth
pauperism,obtrusive,vassal,compensate,indigence
pavilion,uppermost,despair,recidivist,marquee
peaceable,mandatory,incompatible,insurrection,pacific
peaceful,recidivist,denote,rehabilitate,passive
peccadillo,psychopathic,continence,atheism,indiscretion
pectoral,successful,alto,vernacular,thoracic
pecuniary,infirm,embark,facsimile,monetary
pedagogics,terse,misunderstand,affable,teaching method
pedagogue,uproot,packet,ingenuous,educator
pedagogy,consanguineous,prehensile,inactive,teaching method
pedant,preference,salutatory,deflect,bookworm
peddle,cosmetic,rapacious,fumigate,monger
pedestal,magnificent,simulate,mettle,base
pedestrian,preestablish,satiate,impetus,walker
pedigree,upheaval,hardihood,stolid,lineage
peddler,trimness,licentious,assimilate,packman
peerage,missal,purveyor,indigestible,baronage
peerless,semiconscious,surreptitious,refer,matchless
peevish,unaccountable,insufficiency,disinherit,cranky
pellucid,contaminate,tireless,gesture,crystalline
penalty,demonstrable,lacteal,retrieve,punishment
penchant,mobocracy,conjoin,derivative,preference
pendant,symmetry,powerless,autopsy,chandelier
pendulous,obliterate,laud,surround,cernuous
penetrate,invalid,retaliate,lyric,perforate
penetration,insuperable,canto,absorb,incursion
pennant,deciduous,genealogist,antedate,crown
pentad,diminution,coronation,burgher,five
penultimate,kilowatt,nomic,awaken,next-to-last
penurious,declarative,inapprehensible,enact,hard up
penury,repulse,repressible,colloquy,indigence
perambulate,telephony,cynicism,transact,walk about
perceptible,delectable,misbehave,embolden,detectable
percipient,antispasmodic,malaria,docile,observer
percolate,quandary,immigrant,pact,leach
percussion,flippant,rampant,foist,rhythm section
peremptory,autarchy,atrocity,fungus,autocratic
perennial,volant,promenade,paralyze,recurrent
perfidy,convertible,foreordain,betrothal,treachery
perforate,synchronism,gynecocracy,buoyancy,punch
perform,rebut,lithotype,covey,execute
perfunctory,nonchalance,soprano,dishonest,casual
periodicity,plausible,repugnant,codicil,cyclicity
peripatetic,centenary,retouch,sinuosity,Aristotelian
perjury,pellucid,hygiene,outlaw,bearing false witness
permanent,corrigible,consecrate,generic,lasting
permeate,dissipate,accept,participant,penetrate
permissible,repressible,ornate,elizabethan,allowable
permutation,mischievous,ensnare,invincible,substitution
pernicious,conducive,humbug,galvanism,baneful
perpendicular,reproof,transposition,priory,English-Gothic
perpetrator,suppression,adverse,pectoral,culprit
perquisite,magisterial,muddle,bronchitis,fringe benefit
perseverance,monocracy,annotate,legalize,doggedness
persevere,culpable,admonition,cereal,hang in
persist,extensor,psychotherapy,dominance,prevail
persistence,acquiescence,occult,preexist,continuity
personnel,irksome,virulent,anecdote,force
perspicacious,reiterate,pseudonym,indomitable,sagacious
perspicacity,inhospitable,subsist,livelihood,shrewdness
perspicuous,decapitate,diffusible,recourse,limpid
perspiration,finery,decoy,regnant,sweat
perspire,entrails,reorganize,needlework,sweat
persuade,sisterhood,witless,superabundance,carry
pertinacious,repute,query,parliament,dogged
pertinacity,umbrage,commotion,inaudible,doggedness
pertinent,exodus,conservatory,imply,apposite
perturb,alkali,reformer,reconstruct,unhinge
perturbation,bestride,tangible,officiate,disturbance
perusal,whine,attache,volitive,poring over
pervade,archetype,rein,guinea,penetrate
pervasion,contemplate,imperative,dilute,suffusion
perverse,meddlesome,intemperance,tyro,contrary
perversity,persist,perform,feasible,contrariness
pervert,oculist,attache,cholera,deviant
pestilence,bacterium,corpse,disparity,plague
pestilent,inconsequential,granary,neophyte,baneful
pestilential,invoke,stolid,decorous,plaguey
peter,needlework,veracious,execrable,cock
petrify,alliance,enervate,rupture,lapidify
petulance,disrupt,bolster,awaken,irritability
petulant,arrant,fixture,extremist,cranky
pharmacy,nomad,ordnance,substantive,drugstore
philander,preferable,pique,assent,womanize
philanthropic,conspire,indiscriminate,mettle,beneficent
philanthropist,migrate,vogue,affix,altruist
philately,graceless,incomparable,transmissible,stamp collecting
philharmonic,decameron,philanthropic,foretell,symphony orchestra
philology,acid,insular,enumerate,linguistics
physics,convertible,aristocracy,implicate,purgative
physiognomy,regale,metronome,pseudonym,countenance
physique,epitaph,separatist,callow,build
picayune,predatory,incidence,querulous,fiddling
piece,gravity,excusable,despicable,part
pillage,equalize,maleficent,pusillanimous,loot
pincers,ardent,pervert,abnegate,tweezer
pinnacle,petulant,monarchy,observant,acme
pioneer,perfidy,subliminal,finale,innovator
pique,antichrist,extinct,foretell,temper
piteous,demonstrable,reassure,potent,hapless
pitiable,intellectual,undervalue,cataclysm,pathetic
pitiful,orthodoxy,dissever,congeal,pathetic
pitiless,bore,emanate,photometry,remorseless
placid,obliterate,salacious,radical,quiet
platitude,quibble,operate,disputation,cliche
plaudit,forerun,fumigate,intermission,acclaim
playwright,impalpable,cartridge,embezzle,dramatist
plea,intersect,intracellular,lying,supplication
pleasurable,solvent,rehabilitate,pupilage,enjoyable
plebeian,sheer,alkali,lea,common
plenteous,ado,tyrannical,sensual,copious
plumb,credence,nostrum,hexagon,clean
pluperfect,commingle,dutiable,untoward,past perfect
plurality,indulgent,workmanlike,frolicsome,battalion
poesy,excursion,unfavorable,resuscitate,verse
poignancy,pecuniary,audacious,perverse,pathos
poignant,transcontinental,confront,exegesis,affecting
poise,petrify,immaculate,britannia,aplomb
polar,judicial,tangency,benignant,diametric
pollute,repeal,vacuum,antemundane,foul
polyglot,service,ought,savage,linguist
polytechnic,tenant,pseudonym,recrudescence,engineering school
pommel,underhanded,stationary,pusillanimous,saddlebow
pompous,antislavery,species,elude,grandiloquent
ponder,expatriate,surmount,umbrage,chew over
ponderous,impropriety,doublet,manlike,heavy
pontiff,terminus,furrier,foppery,pope
populace,supplementary,rigorous,virulence,public
populous,participant,evolve,butte,thickly settled
portend,reprehend,christen,philogynist,bode
portent,tilth,obvert,visage,omen
posit,liking,pittance,reestablish,situate
position,formidable,inquisitive,bilateral,place
positive,opulence,utmost,infrequent,convinced
possess,ante,indivisible,callow,own
possession,lacteal,correlate,ensnare,ownership
possessor,manor,canon,fraternal,owner
possible,subterranean,christ,intellect,potential
postdate,appall,demonstrator,disallow,follow
posterior,service,locative,excitation,buttocks
postgraduate,prostrate,creamy,transfigure,graduate student
postscript,seethe,panoply,antemundane,PS
potency,sufferance,mismanage,navigate,authority
potent,bulrush,separable,prudence,powerful
potentate,verbose,litigious,fluent,dictator
potential,ripplet,profligacy,congenial,voltage
practicable,confessor,icon,paramour,operable
prate,foresight,idolize,apprehend,idle talk
prattle,batten,excusable,monotone,idle talk
precarious,superintend,gratification,upbraid,unstable
precaution,conformance,brooch,momentous,safeguard
precede,muddle,panoply,declamatory,forego
precedence,functionary,loneliness,modish,priority
precedent,jurisprudence,flippant,christen,case in point
precipitant,boorish,psychiatry,ossify,hasty
precipitate,service,truthful,electrotype,come down
precise,outstretch,forehead,vaporizer,accurate
preclude,progression,hosiery,jugular,forestall
precursor,irrefragable,spinous,protection,forerunner
predatory,alias,fictitious,employee,marauding
predecessor,defraud,dramatize,secretive,harbinger
predicament,aspiration,thoroughbred,inconvenient,quandary
predicate,disarrange,peremptory,sapient,verb phrase
predict,pennant,precedence,divinity,foretell
prediction,aboriginal,lexicography,triumvir,anticipation
predominant,parity,tercentenary,bombast,dominant
predominate,reformer,incompatible,stultify,dominate
preeminence,globular,medallion,ruffian,eminence
preempt,esquire,sedulous,impregnable,displace
preface,amicable,conceive,apostasy,foreword
prefer,writing,monitory,chastise,choose
preference,gynecology,tricolor,prescriptible,penchant
preferential,unbelief,pavilion,navigable,discriminatory
prehensile,deficiency,cohere,campaign,avaricious
prehension,unify,compressible,prefix,grasping
prejudice,locative,disregard,thermoelectric,bias
prelate,variable,needlework,transmute,archpriest
prelude,liquefy,peddle,entreaty,overture
premature,phenomenon,rectify,nomic,untimely
premier,duration,calvinize,retrieve,Prime Minister
premise,exotic,compulsion,interact,assumption
premonition,succumb,momentous,incapacity,foreboding
preoccupation,progeny,centenary,legging,absorption
preordain,quantity,vigilance,outstretch,foreordain
preparation,strait,scythe,telephony,readying
preparatory,intoxicate,autonomy,heathenish,propaedeutic
preponderant,inaccurate,mallet,irreversible,overriding
preponderate,autopsy,equivocate,comparable,outweigh
prepossession,undersell,natal,intolerant,parti pris
preposterous,spherometer,disputation,amateur,absurd
prerogative,declarative,misogamy,came,privilege
presage,theorize,demonstrable,bacterium,omen
prescript,resilient,tercentenary,irritate,rule
prescription,regress,prosody,prospectus,ethical drug
presentiment,anathema,consignor,reciprocal,foreboding
presentment,revocation,incomprehensible,unsophisticated,notification
preservation,investor,purport,illegible,saving
presumption,datum,testimonial,penetrate,given
presumptuous,disquiet,prerogative,lingo,assumptive
pretension,conceive,impoverish,audible,largeness
pretentious,oral,posterior,excellency,ostentatious
preternatural,demonstrable,vagrant,elucidate,uncanny
pretext,rapine,pallid,inadvisable,stalking-horse
prevalent,fishmonger,penetration,reclusory,dominant
prevention,liking,sensual,cataract,bar
prickle,quibble,depreciate,microscopy,spine
priggish,missal,sumptuous,poignant,prudish
prim,corporeal,matricide,knighthood,dainty
prima,congest,spasmodic,outweigh,leading
primer,vignette,mite,convolve,fuse
primeval,dissimilar,remuneration,gradation,aboriginal
primitive,arboretum,equivocate,commentary,crude
principal,stripling,collision,comprehensible,head teacher
principle,bleak,conclusive,soprano,rule
privy,execration,contaminate,accession,toilet
probe,glacial,literacy,expiate,investigation
procedure,cataclysm,decameron,muleteer,operation
proceed,circumscribe,undermine,perpendicular,continue
proclamation,subvert,perverse,modernize,announcement
procrastinate,relapse,perfectible,tercentenary,stall
procrastination,pavilion,repertory,canary,cunctation
proctor,external,intelligible,literacy,monitor
prodigal,admittance,abominate,autarchy,squanderer
prodigious,satire,rookery,bleak,colossal
prodigy,lifelike,brittle,consonance,omen
productive,presumption,wrangle,shrinkage,generative
proffer,peter,disobedience,defensive,suggestion
proficiency,fawn,syndicate,loot,technique
profile,prologue,lactation,martyrdom,visibility
profligacy,acquire,sacrificial,negligent,extravagance
profligate,lodgment,louse,artful,rake
profuse,amphibious,imminent,genital,exuberant
progeny,neglectful,cabalism,hosiery,offspring
progression,premature,donor,perforate,patterned advance
prohibition,importunate,expeditious,idolize,ban
projection,perturbation,fluent,refinery,jut
proletarian,physics,solar,resistive,worker
prolific,foreknowledge,prescript,fete,fecund
prolong,remission,grandeur,taut,extend
promenade,heptarchy,fretful,perfumery,mall
prominence,egoism,buttress,atrocious,bulge
prominent,impetus,contraposition,sparse,outstanding
promiscuous,expend,passive,stallion,easy
promontory,proletarian,ubiquitous,annex,headland
promoter,convulse,superannuate,overreach,booster
promulgate,abhorrence,abnormal,becalm,exclaim
propagate,narrator,assessor,repertory,spread
propel,barcarole,contemporary,transfusion,impel
prophecy,plural,ductile,manor,vaticination
prophesy,staid,infallible,dishabille,vaticinate
proportionate,posterior,inaccurate,interact,harmonious
propriety,trisect,endurable,blaze,correctitude
propulsion,annex,impromptu,pertinacity,actuation
prosaic,lodgment,immigrant,uproot,matter-of-fact
proscenium,akin,aggrieve,intoxicate,forestage
proscribe,palliate,liner,artifice,forbid
proscription,glutinous,syllabic,outride,ban
prosody,menace,chameleon,hydrous,inflection
prospectus,frigid,incongruous,lawmaker,course catalog
prostrate,eatable,nuance,encyclopedia,bow down
protagonist,malevolent,vapid,shriek,supporter
protection,ravine,arrangement,append,security
protector,earthenware,apparent,discrepant,defender
prototype,parley,overrun,principle,paradigm
protract,convex,countercharge,blockade,extend
protrude,repartee,equivocal,dejection,stick out
protrusion,circumlocution,illicit,intimacy,bulge
protuberance,inaudible,irony,abhorrent,bulge
protuberant,clement,invaluable,papacy,bellied
providential,contort,atone,immigrate,heaven-sent
provincial,propulsion,vigilance,ulterior,peasant
provocation,balsam,vindicatory,contributor,aggravation
prowess,embolism,violator,phenomenal,art
proxy,likelihood,disseminate,accompany,placeholder
prudence,vie,aerial,descry,discretion
prudery,casual,ocular,amenable,primness
prurient,pedant,adduce,eschew,lubricious
pseudonym,neurology,rejuvenate,rearrange,anonym
psychotherapy,analyst,mishap,exclusion,mental hygiene
pudgy,overproduction,predominance,horde,dumpy
puerile,reinstate,posit,abjure,adolescent
pugnacious,heartrending,parable,commingle,hard-bitten
pulmonary,sacrificial,enrapture,impetus,pneumonic
punctilious,laudation,retaliate,gigantic,meticulous
pungent,cadaverous,inapprehensible,involve,acrid
pungency,estimable,intervene,mundane,bite
purl,excusable,equilibrium,confectionery,eddy
purloin,transposition,nomic,indigenous,pilfer
purport,aboriginal,magistracy,calvinize,intent
pusillanimous,superabundance,exert,dubious,poor-spirited
pyrotechnic,frigid,ingratitude,legislate,firework
pyx,glimpse,cynosure,epitaph,pix
quackery,minion,arrant,adversity,empiricism
quadruple,replenish,nuance,succeed,fourfold
qualification,clarion,intercession,hydromechanics,making
qualm,vagrant,judicature,submission,scruple
quandary,courser,element,latency,predicament
quantity,inarticulate,ripplet,propeller,measure
quarter,telltale,fixture,theologian,one-fourth
quartet,sheer,interact,impend,four
quarto,christendom,velocity,seignior,4to
querulous,telltale,veneer,legalize,fretful
query,peninsular,imperfectible,servitude,inquiry
queue,alleviate,chateau,quibble,waiting line
quibble,further,disrobe,domination,cavil
quiescence,pact,commentary,redundance,dormancy
quiet,epilogue,vista,superfluous,lull
quietus,iliad,sequacious,dissonant,rest
quintessence,arbor,dwindle,licentious,ether
quintet,mistrust,quixotic,incompatible,five
quixotic,outrigger,kimono,embezzle,romantic
rabid,mobocracy,sibilant,designate,fanatic
racy,transfer,baste,inert,lively
radiance,virile,salutatory,conservative,glow
radiate,viol,misrule,adjudge,ray
radical,encourage,medicine,antichrist,group
radix,incoherent,dissect,pauper,base
raillery,inexpedient,contributor,acknowledgment,banter
ramify,suggestive,diplomatic,undergarment,complexify
ramose,appreciable,tenant,intangible,branched
rampant,transcontinental,submersible,stringency,rearing
rampart,testament,preengage,descendent,bulwark
rancor,efficacious,decency,precocious,resentment
rankle,vitality,nasal,pedant,eat into
rapacious,regiment,niggardly,literature,predatory
rapid,hesitation,contingency,egregious,speedy
rapt,abnegate,acumen,stratagem,ecstatic
raptorial,mediocre,unaffected,disavowal,predatory
raucous,chateau,transmission,discontinuance,strident
ravage,interrogatory,sapience,intelligence,depredation
ravenous,vincible,shrewd,intermit,famished
reactionary,adulterant,transfusible,lunar,ultraconservative
readjust,remembrance,outreach,allay,reset
ready,patriarch,stagnant,inveigh,cook
reassure,harass,bedlam,preparatory,assure
rebellious,alder,parlance,frailty,disaffected
rebuff,retouch,physiology,presumption,slight
rebuild,luxuriate,christ,amputate,reconstruct
rebut,espy,educe,malignant,refute
recapitulate,dissentious,judicious,botany,reprise
recapture,predict,affluence,mentality,retaking
recede,intrude,fusible,remembrance,withdraw
recidivist,treachery,premise,kimono,repeater
reciprocal,exorcise,arrant,achillean,multiplicative inverse
recitation,ostentation,intrepid,potion,reading
reckless,bethink,symphony,succumb,foolhardy
reclaim,disjunctive,exemplify,orthogonal,repossess
recline,surfeit,butt,disservice,lean back
recluse,inopportune,concurrence,ulterior,hermit
recognize,hostility,muddle,static,acknowledge
recoil,disenfranchise,diversity,coagulant,kick
recollect,belittle,sympathize,captivate,remember
reconstruct,senile,dormant,accusation,construct
recourse,reprobate,resistant,concurrent,resort
recover,sebaceous,usurious,socialism,retrieve
recreant,contradiction,benison,revere,poltroon
recreate,irrigate,vindicatory,acreage,animate
recruit,brine,violator,scribble,enlistee
rectify,squabble,fluent,hypodermic,refine
rectitude,arbor,seduce,ghastly,uprightness
recuperate,pamphlet,compression,motley,go back
recur,accompany,deforest,bibulous,repeat
recurrent,substantive,frizz,utility,perennial
redemption,conducive,lustrous,confinement,salvation
redolent,undermine,gluttonous,incinerate,evocative
redolence,heterogeneous,exit,foliage,bouquet
redoubtable,actionable,espy,lexicographer,formidable
redress,radix,peevish,tarnish,damages
redundant,overeat,misanthropic,rendezvous,excess
reestablish,proffer,conscript,spectrum,restore
refer,competitive,expect,valedictory,mention
referable,sentient,ballad,consumptive,ascribable
referee,despot,fiducial,clement,reviewer
reform,acknowledge,accelerate,trepidation,reclaim
reformer,visage,annuity,comport,crusader
refractory,tractable,streamlet,subterfuge,furnace lining
refute,fragile,insufficient,somniferous,rebut
regale,medieval,liable,descry,treat
regalia,photoelectric,inept,amateur,array
regenerate,secondary,hillock,aphorism,renew
regime,landholder,semiannual,foreshore,government
regnant,prelacy,heifer,prerogative,reigning
regress,obese,waistcoat,concerto,reasoning backward
regretful,radical,committal,supple,sorry
reign,depth,causal,microscopy,predominate
reimburse,lovable,ecstatic,pledgeor,recoup
rein,embark,depth,unanimous,harness
reinstate,invalid,emit,liquidate,restore
reiterate,morbid,illuminant,tremulous,repeat
rejoin,expand,ichthyosaurs,plebeian,retort
rejuvenate,menagerie,percipient,rendition,regenerate
relapse,perform,trident,conjugal,backsliding
relegate,subvert,gratification,solecism,pass on
relent,hydra,impudence,disrupt,yield
reliance,hirsute,portend,confidence,trust
relinquish,commute,secant,literature,resign
relish,disburden,epigram,vagrant,gusto
reluctance,sidereal,interdict,felon,hesitancy
reluctant,bailiff,divergent,literacy,loath
remembrance,blatant,wampum,abduction,recollection
reminiscent,prelude,abundant,relent,evocative
remiss,defiant,radiate,pamphleteer,derelict
remission,azalea,regime,beck,subsidence
remodel,consummate,seismograph,irresistible,reconstruct
remonstrance,glacier,morose,outskirt,expostulation
remunerate,submittal,undergarment,biograph,compensate
remuneration,witless,theocracy,nuptial,wage
rendezvous,symphony,pharmacy,peremptory,tryst
rendition,importunate,frivolity,epigram,interpretation
renovate,dejection,commingle,heartrending,restitute
renunciation,purveyor,enact,equilibrium,repudiation
reorganize,altitude,egress,calvinism,shake up
reparable,synonym,transparent,improvident,rectifiable
reparation,sequestrate,mockery,logical,fix
repeal,dissipation,formula,fatuous,abrogation
repel,unitarian,irresponsible,operative,drive
repellent,fulminate,disburden,alienable,rebarbative
replenish,theology,flagrant,quibble,refill
replete,blase,acknowledgment,verbiage,satiate
repository,disown,lustrous,outweigh,depository
reprehensible,coronation,convulsion,fabricate,condemnable
reprehension,extemporaneous,pernicious,capitulate,rebuke
repress,sequester,efficacious,bilingual,quash
reprieve,hinder,violator,append,respite
reprimand,derive,junction,cosmopolitanism,rebuke
reprobate,perfunctory,benison,obviate,miscreant
reproduce,employer,futile,reproduce,procreate
reproof,ubiquitous,harangue,horde,rebuke
repudiate,submersible,witchcraft,unlimited,disown
repugnance,protege,insuperable,incendiary,revulsion
repugnant,dissemble,execration,comparative,abhorrent
repulse,physiocracy,cite,earnest,rebuff
repulsive,off,abusive,refer,abhorrent
repute,blatant,maudlin,necropolis,think of
requiem,termination,preengage,conferee,dirge
requisite,inscrutable,acclaim,epitaph,necessity
requital,linguist,unaffected,prelude,retribution
requite,census,erratic,mordacious,repay
rescind,lexicography,aviary,objector,revoke
resent,precursor,untoward,purloin,begrudge
residue,symmetry,descry,element,remainder
resilient,undercharge,interposition,archaism,bouncy
resistance,confidence,innuendo,misadventure,opposition
resistant,dishabille,epicurean,trivial,immune
resistive,homonym,invidious,prophecy,insubordinate
resistless,beneficent,chivalry,foppery,supine
resonance,expedite,crystallize,apprehend,plangency
resonance,subservient,volition,petrify,plangency
resonate,outrageous,verification,apprehensible,vibrate
resource,finite,corroboration,malediction,imagination
respite,exuberant,culpable,superfluous,reprieve
resplendent,loch,stagnate,cabalism,glorious
respondent,transmit,ambulate,visage,answerer
restitution,berth,antecede,plummet,damages
resumption,neurology,insignificance,preferential,recommencement
resurgent,defray,craving,prevention,renascent
resuscitate,colloquy,pauperism,typify,revive
retaliate,sanctity,evangelical,statecraft,revenge
retch,origin,beatitude,tortious,heave
retention,contribution,noisome,gesticulate,keeping
reticence,biograph,infirmary,delude,reserve
reticent,transparent,fissure,animadversion,untalkative
retort,trimness,fallow,erudite,rejoinder
retouch,semicivilized,philanthropic,bulwark,touch up
retrace,virulence,devious,nit,trace
retract,preposterous,epidermis,henpeck,abjure
retrieve,finery,misuse,involve,recover
retrograde,preclude,philanthropic,sylph,rehash
retrogression,erratic,frigidarium,perambulate,degeneration
retrospect,tolerable,stimulate,perspiration,review
revere,intrusion,pact,paralysis,idolize
reverent,lordling,shriek,salvage,godly
reversion,preparatory,nestle,superannuate,atavism
revert,hydrodynamics,agglomerate,dentifrice,return
revile,outdo,resilience,erudition,vilify
revisal,noticeable,precursor,reckless,rescript
revise,slight,sympathetic,primeval,rescript
revocation,contiguity,hypercritical,gallant,annulment
revoke,enfeeble,sensitive,perfumery,renege
rhetoric,clothier,imperative,foliage,grandiosity
rhetorician,indiscriminate,adoration,expend,orator
ribald,transmissible,annex,evade,bawdy
riddance,pandemonium,extricate,original,elimination
ridicule,futile,conspire,successor,derision
ridiculous,compression,influx,course,pathetic
rife,irrigant,bellicose,outrigger,prevailing
rightful,oral,placid,annual,true
rigor,consonance,fabricate,facet,asperity
rigorous,prodigious,mead,superb,strict
risible,fawn,littoral,gradient,amusing
rivulet,antique,vehement,impunity,rill
robust,physiology,skirmish,intrude,full-bodied
rotary,impersuadable,extensive,modernity,traffic circle
rotate,transcript,hinder,magisterial,revolve
rotund,pentagon,migrant,needy,round
rudimentary,predicate,harangue,veracious,fundamental
rue,interdict,equity,arrant,herb of grace
ruffian,perennial,hostility,diplomatist,bully
ruminate,machinist,progeny,hesitation,chew over
rupture,anteroom,refringent,monocracy,breach
rustic,opulent,nomic,clumsy,countrified
ruth,enthusiastic,modernize,captivate,Sultan of Swat
sacrifice,consonance,fiducial,hygiene,forfeit
sacrilege,entangle,osculate,vivisection,profanation
sacrilegious,vista,confinement,peremptory,blasphemous
safeguard,progeny,succeed,exuberant,precaution
sagacious,comprehensive,vindicative,blithe,perspicacious
salacious,discursive,travail,distill,lubricious
salience,parable,satyr,lithotype,strikingness
salient,undercharge,shrewd,polygon,outstanding
salutary,ignoble,polytechnic,parable,good
salutation,assay,belligerent,inquisition,greeting
salvage,unanimity,conjecture,auburn,relieve
salvo,verbiage,cajole,subterranean,fusillade
sanction,unsophisticated,superlative,reckless,countenance
sanctity,specie,cosmopolitanism,ingraft,holiness
sanguinary,residue,brandish,patrimony,gory
sanguine,aggrieve,feminine,duplex,rubicund
sanguineous,collector,ponder,rhetorician,gory
sapid,persistence,risible,invincible,flavorful
sapience,maritime,understate,pervasion,wisdom
sapient,concussion,exemplify,relish,perspicacious
saponaceous,venous,abominate,ingratiate,soapy
sarcasm,gratification,judicious,satiate,irony
satiate,fervent,dissatisfy,derrick,replete
satire,revere,truculent,nuance,sarcasm
satirize,austere,intervale,plurality,lampoon
satyr,premature,prefix,ado,lecher
savage,massive,atrocious,fathom,barbarian
savor,evidential,egoism,susceptibility,relish
scholastic,hesitancy,colloquy,involution,pedant
scintilla,degenerate,spurious,clangor,shred
scintillate,maroon,reciprocity,obsequies,sparkle
scope,assassin,anthropology,furbish,range
scoundrel,corroborate,evade,redolent,villain
scribble,deface,conjunction,illiberal,cacography
scribe,abhorrence,amorphous,consonant,penman
script,latency,expediency,implicit,book
scriptural,kingling,sacrifice,chiffon,biblical
scruple,condescend,static,bilateral,qualm
scrupulous,mountainous,hibernian,chateau,conscientious
scurrilous,veracity,debut,adroit,abusive
scuttle,forecourt,planisphere,extravagant,hatchway
seance,torpor,frivolous,bronchitis,sitting
sear,ambulate,misplace,underling,scorch
sebaceous,convenience,designate,modernize,greasy
seclude,earthenware,rue,differentiate,sequester
seclusion,dragoon,guess,differential,privacy
secondary,demerit,reprisal,cartilage,junior-grade
secrecy,indomitable,misinterpret,protagonist,silence
secretive,overdo,transferable,profligate,close
sedate,floe,comestible,misty,calm
sediment,eccentric,betroth,depositor,deposit
seduce,epizootic,eccentric,insufficient,score
sedulous,decent,decaliter,coincide,assiduous
seer,supercilious,believe,counterbalance,visionary
seethe,trisect,semiannual,approbation,hum
seignior,somniferous,retrogression,insight,feudal lord
seize,ichthyology,antonym,outstrip,prehend
semblance,souvenir,lucid,evanescent,gloss
semiannual,disarm,possess,trimness,biannual
semicircle,comprehensive,belate,monogamy,hemicycle
senile,retract,savage,importune,doddering
sensation,hussar,disinherit,reimburse,esthesis
sense,adduce,annalist,euphemism,signified
sensibility,mordant,operator,recover,esthesia
sensitive,pamphleteer,morale,corporeal,medium
sensual,truism,weal,intercessor,animal
sentience,frolicsome,supramundane,plurality,awareness
sentient,forecourt,genesis,mantle,animate
sentinel,leaven,pectoral,vivify,lookout
separable,isle,satiate,commotion,dissociable
separate,decorous,exotic,accursed,offprint
separatist,manlike,pupilage,fixture,breakaway
sepulcher,surmise,fiasco,contusion,burial chamber
sequel,juxtapose,sear,coalition,continuation
sequent,infusion,ministration,autonomous,consecutive
sequester,virile,acetic,disallow,impound
sequestrate,intestate,forego,repute,seclude
service,succumb,abnormal,despair,avail
severance,lodgment,quarto,overweight,rupture
sextet,pageant,confederate,precede,sestet
sextuple,inquisitive,statuette,exacerbate,sixfold
sheer,miscount,fumigate,maxim,swerve
shrewd,prate,connote,opulent,astute
shriek,tranquilize,aspirant,advertiser,scream
shrinkage,lexicon,estrange,abhorrent,shoplifting
shrivel,avarice,equivocal,anhydrous,wither
shuffle,censor,obelisk,ebullient,make
sibilant,grantor,autobiography,effrontery,fricative
sibilate,inadvertent,statuesque,unctuous,hiss
sidelong,pneumatic,idolize,germinate,askance
siege,irrepressible,truculence,eccentric,beleaguering
significance,supernatural,borough,derrick,import
significant,extinguish,perpendicular,dentifrice,important
signification,engross,check,munificent,meaning
similar,preeminence,sorcery,besmear,alike
similitude,tirade,advent,indigence,likeness
simulate,clan,immature,sergeant,imitate
simultaneous,briticism,mastery,precise,coincident
singe,outride,despondent,submittal,scorch
sinister,longevity,gigantic,benevolent,baleful
sinuous,granule,epoch,perforate,wiggly
sinus,rebut,tiresome,indigent,fistula
sirocco,rookery,severance,sapient,dust storm
skeptic,contravene,compensate,impunity,sceptic
skepticism,incomplete,lawmaker,satirize,incredulity
skirmish,tinge,excellency,frivolity,brush
slight,forego,timorous,discard,rebuff
slothful,recollect,transcribe,quintet,faineant
sociable,hesitant,inapt,virulent,mixer
sol,selective,conductible,dramatize,colloidal suspension
solace,belie,savor,repertory,comfort
solecism,disqualify,antecede,bullock,faux pas
solicitor,gauge,freethinker,ordination,canvasser
soliloquy,abduction,belie,equivocate,monologue
solvent,insipid,injunction,vicarious,answer
somber,insolent,monologue,bodice,drab
somniferous,depository,fracture,leeward,soporific
somnolence,exclusion,imprudent,discard,sleepiness
somnolent,stolid,replenish,citadel,slumberous
sonorous,undersell,subaquatic,foreordain,heavy
soothsayer,amputate,irritate,beck,forecaster
sophisticate,nuptial,ampersand,syneresis,man of the world
soprano,centimeter,gourd,landholder,treble
sorcery,origin,renovate,ambrosial,black magic
sordid,emeritus,disjunctive,pertinacious,seamy
souvenir,diaphanous,dissonant,enrage,keepsake
sparse,formula,concurrence,hale,thin
spartan,perjure,enthusiastic,petrify,severe
spasmodic,bemoan,sycophant,forfeit,convulsive
specialty,foreknowledge,extant,eccentric,forte
specie,virtuoso,adjutant,ligature,coinage
species,zeitgeist,brazier,inundation,coinage
specious,partition,inherent,disjunctive,spurious
spectator,emblem,irreligious,egoism,witness
specter,intolerable,vincible,annual,ghost
speculate,wherewith,henpeck,duteous,theorize
sphericity,tinge,cipher,deprave,globosity
spheroid,bereave,cauterize,vapid,ellipsoid of revolution
spinous,prurient,decasyllable,volition,acanthoid
spinster,clothier,boorish,paramount,old maid
spurious,ignoble,abbess,apostasy,specious
squabble,nuisance,irradiance,elucidate,bicker
squalid,ramify,nominal,compressible,seamy
squatter,creak,livid,maharaja,homesteader
stagnant,circulate,veracious,renovate,dead
stagnate,resent,interrogate,kilowatt,idle
stagnation,apposite,species,iridescence,doldrums
staid,ampersand,equestrian,pellucid,sedate
stallion,penetration,acumen,infidelity,entire
statecraft,resource,halcyon,rustic,diplomacy
static,aristocracy,mandate,overshadow,atmospherics
statistician,foreknowledge,ampere,frailty,actuary
statuesque,moribund,lunatic,canary,Junoesque
statuette,receivable,adoration,novellette,figurine
stature,subvert,lacerate,joust,height
statute,austere,mite,retch,legislative act
stellar,ambulate,submergence,contraband,leading
sterling,embargo,conservatism,assassination,greatest
stifle,atrocity,chastity,sensation,knee
stimulant,incandescent,interrogative,disappear,input
stimulate,balsam,onerous,imperfectible,excite
stimulus,materialize,blatant,coercive,input
stingy,surmise,polyglot,moderation,ungenerous
stolid,pleasurable,investor,impudence,impassive
strait,postscript,concede,participant,sound
stratagem,isochronous,mastery,desperado,ploy
stratum,pendant,unlawful,eventual,class
streamlet,telephony,quackery,augur,rivulet
stringency,bestride,disfigure,nunnery,tightness
stringent,corpulent,preengage,reproduce,rigorous
stripling,formula,ligature,mediocre,adolescent
studious,patriotism,venous,semicircle,bookish
stultify,distention,despond,whereabouts,cripple
stupendous,pitiful,senile,pare,colossal
stupor,eulogy,innumerable,globose,daze
suave,suave,inconsistent,formula,debonair
subaquatic,proxy,illusive,beck,underwater
subjection,benignant,disjunctive,remunerate,conquest
subjugate,surreptitious,emergent,ingenuity,repress
submarine,preexist,peccant,photoelectric,pigboat
submerge,callosity,telepathy,scholarly,drown
submergence,raucous,monotony,reprehension,immersion
submersion,affiliate,predatory,academy,immersion
submission,eminence,culinary,despondent,entry
subordinate,interrogatory,admittance,enjoin,underling
subservient,herbaceous,levity,overproduction,implemental
subside,votary,antedate,ramify,lessen
subsist,fastidious,conceit,gladden,exist
substantive,norman,aghast,ingratitude,essential
subtend,moonbeam,liberate,prefix,delimit
subterfuge,ingenuity,inexorable,rearrange,blind
subterranean,endemic,unanimity,impassible,ulterior
subtle,disbeliever,constituent,mercenary,elusive
subversion,aborigines,wizen,buffoon,corruption
subvert,grotesque,depth,ruffian,overthrow
succeed,anglophobia,materialize,enlist,win
success,coercive,bole,sapiential,achiever
successor,loot,penalty,characterize,replacement
succinct,butte,nefarious,neuter,compendious
succulent,licit,evict,pyrotechnic,lush
succumb,pollute,millet,vigilant,yield
sufferance,inherence,frivolous,journalize,toleration
sufficiency,scope,octagon,immigrant,enough
suffrage,humiliate,composure,facilitate,right to vote
suffuse,penury,indigestible,calumny,perfuse
suggestive,extinguish,gestation,debut,implicative
summary,indivertible,embolism,commingle,drumhead
sumptuous,profligate,prospectus,septennial,deluxe
superabundance,enthuse,lacteal,cursive,overabundance
superb,cartridge,forgo,hexagon,brilliant
supercilious,balsam,ligature,arboriculture,disdainful
superficial,ruminate,imitator,prate,trivial
superfluity,illegible,symphonic,polygamy,overplus
superfluous,narrate,broadcast,principle,otiose
superintend,radiate,conformance,inexorable,oversee
superintendence,intimidate,judicial,ruminate,oversight
superlative,prolong,iconoclast,conjoin,acme
supernatural,evolution,explicate,bountiful,occult
supernumerary,medieval,aeronaut,inroad,spear carrier
supersede,diminution,indiscreet,epilogue,replace
supine,meticulous,absolve,punctilious,resistless
supplant,grenadier,conciliatory,contributor,replace
supple,clothier,antarctic,meticulous,lissome
supplementary,vignette,critique,transverse,auxiliary
supplicant,pellucid,definite,caption,prayer
supposition,indict,ubiquitous,species,guess
suppress,incomparable,globose,vacillate,stamp down
suppression,insufficient,pavilion,modish,curtailment
surcharge,deceit,genitive,bombardier,overcharge
surety,dissimilar,expeditious,purport,security
surfeit,irreligious,transmit,pact,excess
surmise,precedent,temporize,overdo,guess
surmount,righteousness,lactation,animalcule,overcome
surreptitious,stringency,deform,convulse,furtive
surround,guileless,enjoin,confectionery,environment
suspension,connote,recover,recourse,pause
suspicious,emergence,altruist,solecism,leery
sustenance,spheroid,abdicate,patronymic,nutriment
swarthy,vulnerable,preengage,frizz,dark-skinned
sybarite,deface,persuade,prudential,voluptuary
sycophant,imaginary,pusillanimous,beck,toady
syllabus,fragile,sanction,heartrending,course of study
symmetrical,deify,introspection,encumber,harmonious
symmetry,flection,disregard,constable,correspondence
sympathetic,eschew,reticent,reciprocate,charitable
sympathize,personal,redundant,diplomatic,empathize
symphony,carnal,renovate,accessible,philharmonic
syndicate,projection,antic,enumerate,mob
synonym,factious,disillusion,pentameter,equivalent word
synopsis,reluctant,symmetry,callosity,outline
systematic,divulge,deprecate,transience,taxonomic
tacit,encyclical,zenith,succulent,silent
tack,interlocutor,humane,ambrosial,stable gear
tactics,resonate,presentient,insignificance,maneuver
tangency,corpulent,vegetative,rehabilitate,contact
tangible,unsettle,dentifrice,insidious,touchable
tantalize,laudatory,litigant,agile,tease
tantamount,massacre,abidance,similitude,equivalent
tarnish,sinecure,trivial,condense,stain
taut,protection,attest,gratuitous,tight
taxation,corpse,promiscuous,nugatory,revenue enhancement
technicality,modernity,translator,exacerbate,trifle
technique,parlance,inexplicable,oration,proficiency
technology,inconstant,pantoscope,atheism,engineering
teem,ferocity,tact,juridical,pullulate
telepathy,prelude,metropolitan,abscission,thought transference
telltale,tortious,acute,erroneous,tattletale
temerity,pommel,callosity,irresistible,audacity
temporal,external,decameron,voracious,worldly
temporary,coercive,lyric,reunite,impermanent
tempt,suspicious,comprehension,advent,allure
tenacious,forefather,dogmatize,retrospect,recollective
tenant,commentary,vertigo,satirize,renter
tendency,concede,extricate,rectify,inclination
tenor,conscientious,iciness,preparatory,strain
tense,luscious,annalist,arboriculture,strain
tentative,ante,servitude,bravado,probationary
tenure,hesitation,prosody,stimulus,term of office
tercentenary,docile,superintend,epizootic,triennial
termagant,anecdote,recreate,hexangular,shrew
terminal,comely,declamation,corrigible,depot
terminate,diacritical,intercession,persevere,end
termination,rejoin,stolid,regress,expiration
terminus,control,entail,ordination,end point
terse,nectarine,sphericity,functionary,crisp
testament,cabalism,technology,exorbitance,will
testimonial,dissent,corroboration,reproof,tribute
theology,virtu,carnivorous,bodice,divinity
theorist,transfusion,sapiential,remonstrance,idealogue
theorize,eatable,immutable,heedless,speculate
thermal,repeal,protract,purport,caloric
thesis,avarice,bilingual,quietus,dissertation
thoroughbred,dramatist,impoverish,apostate,purebred
thrall,stripling,resplendent,intermittent,bondage
tilth,palinode,expedient,scholarly,cultivated land
timbre,sensitive,trepidation,outlive,quality
timorous,virtu,patriarch,outcast,fearful
tincture,potion,biped,concurrence,trace
tinge,antipodes,concord,triple,touch
tipsy,augur,burgher,acidify,potty
tirade,facetious,poetic,buoyant,philippic
tireless,felicity,erudite,depreciate,indefatigable
tiresome,patriarch,coronation,tireless,boring
toilsome,mimic,judicial,perusal,arduous
tolerable,alias,comprehension,gastritis,adequate
tolerance,excusable,islet,passive,permissiveness
tolerant,palatial,transitory,estrange,kind
tolerate,leonine,finite,dogmatize,digest
toleration,statuette,repository,nuance,acceptance
torpor,amalgam,redolence,gastric,listlessness
torrid,foursome,introvert,haggard,ardent
tortuous,infrequence,assonate,winsome,Byzantine
torturous,amusement,ensnare,belie,agonizing
tractable,tempter,volatile,lustrous,manipulable
trajectory,foresee,pendant,boll,flight
trammel,sapid,seismograph,alias,shackle
tranquil,liable,valorous,quiet,placid
tranquilize,anthropology,conservatory,pestilential,calm
tranquility,forgery,medial,salvo,repose
transcend,similitude,infidelity,appreciable,exceed
transcendent,retention,christendom,docket,surpassing
transcript,repetition,underrate,medial,copy
transfer,jeopardize,juncture,preface,conveyance
transferable,intangible,ailment,accompaniment,movable
transfigure,rightful,financier,fulsome,glorify
transfuse,loathe,reflectible,inmost,instill
transgress,buoyant,migrate,execration,offend
transience,embolism,readjust,missive,brevity
transient,listless,herbaceous,termagant,ephemeral
transition,suffuse,islet,surcharge,passage
transitory,cohere,believe,bigamist,ephemeral
translate,dendroid,pioneer,punitive,interpret
translator,languor,canto,irascible,interpreter
transmissible,symmetry,admittance,unbiased,catching
transmission,appall,fruition,impede,infection
transmit,transition,actuality,luminosity,convey
transmute,emanate,cohesive,preoccupy,metamorphose
transparent,ensnare,indignity,demise,crystalline
transplant,abundant,pellucid,foresee,graft
transposition,hoard,boisterous,palatial,heterotaxy
transverse,aristocracy,ashen,invasion,cross
travail,guile,coquette,extremist,parturiency
travesty,stallion,truism,rejoin,farce
treacherous,craving,indigent,abstain,unreliable
treachery,coercion,pedagogy,venal,perfidy
treasonable,spectator,mettle,bewilder,faithless
treble,chromatic,infirmary,heterogeneous,soprano
tremendous,oral,tortuous,lexicographer,enormous
tremor,demurrage,winsome,antispasmodic,shudder
tremulous,unique,repulsive,notorious,quavering
trenchant,sarcophagus,chasm,forepeak,searching
triad,abrade,irksome,insuperable,three
trickery,vassal,inhospitable,manliness,hocus-pocus
tricycle,censorious,derrick,creed,velocipede
triennial,demonstrator,dermatology,finesse,tercentennial
trinity,liquidate,timorous,censor,three
trio,eligible,cosmetic,mountaineer,three
triple,salient,stripling,accouter,three-base hit
trite,rue,significance,catholicity,banal
trivial,infernal,oral,embezzle,fiddling
turgid,precedent,aeronaut,workmanlike,bombastic
turpitude,delectation,partisan,nil,depravity
tutelage,involuntary,keepsake,potent,tuition
tutelar,unfavorable,nautical,abut,custodial
tutorship,anonymous,seance,expectorate,tuition
twinge,alto,nauseate,emblem,pang
typical,theological,participate,consternation,distinctive
typify,gravity,remonstrant,fallow,epitomize
typography,accordion,tirade,presumption,composition
tyrannical,faulty,gluttonous,hydrodynamics,oppressive
tyranny,fortify,interrogative,condolence,dictatorship
tyro,evolve,anterior,exorbitant,novice
ubiquitous,commute,promoter,decaliter,omnipresent
ulterior,reliquary,perpetrator,luminous,subterranean
umbrage,emergent,orthopedist,inarticulate,offense
unaccountable,excursion,inconsiderable,inconstant,unexplainable
unaffected,comparable,pyre,annual,insensible
unanimous,hibernian,masterpiece,inundate,consentaneous
unavoidable,shrivel,treatise,hesitancy,ineluctable
unbearable,emerge,derive,luminary,intolerable
unbecoming,entree,reverent,poesy,indecent
unbelief,subjacent,distill,preferment,disbelief
unbiased,liner,mutation,thrall,indifferent
unbridled,abrupt,benefit,hexangular,unchecked
uncommon,locomotion,encyclopedia,contingency,rare
unconscionable,assiduous,complement,wampum,conscienceless
unction,carcass,impartial,dissolve,smarm
unctuous,crystallize,impalpable,transpire,buttery
undergarment,planisphere,impetus,nomination,unmentionable
underhanded,remiss,clan,capillary,sneaky
underling,introvert,preeminence,promissory,subordinate
undermine,britannia,heterogeneous,introgression,sabotage
understate,prospectus,reck,paralyze,minimize
undervalue,recitation,forbearance,insistence,depreciate
underworld,reformer,penitential,impiety,Hell
undue,clement,conciliate,infuse,unjustified
undulate,labyrinth,incendiary,decasyllable,ripple
ungainly,afterthought,confluent,philander,gawky
unguent,redoubtable,subterranean,demerit,ointment
unify,lune,syneresis,repository,merge
unique,reprieve,rebellious,contemptible,alone
unlawful,grandeur,proxy,sylph,improper
unlimited,populous,dentifrice,incompetent,limitless
unnatural,amusement,vermin,disobedient,abnormal
unsettle,divert,conspire,giver,faze
unsophisticated,indivertible,microcosm,hypercritical,unworldly
unspeakable,nomic,diffusion,introversion,indefinable
untimely,bray,supplicate,safeguard,ill-timed
untoward,enjoin,maze,wampum,indecent
unutterable,iota,synopsis,unisonant,ineffable
unwieldy,autonomy,creamy,reprehension,unmanageable
unwise,mettle,pious,pitiless,inexpedient
upbraid,contumacy,beneficent,prophecy,reproach
upheaval,efflorescent,retrospect,rebuff,turbulence
uppermost,aristocracy,linear,satire,topmost
uproarious,irreducible,feudalism,lassie,rackety
uproot,bilingual,reticent,compulsory,deracinate
urgency,radical,ecstasy,idiosyncrasy,importunity
usage,transgress,piccolo,chateau,use
usurious,rebuild,atonement,abscond,exorbitant
usurp,explosive,colloquial,contraband,assume
utility,culpable,pedagogue,crevice,public-service corporation
utmost,caucus,decamp,requite,uttermost
vacate,excellent,alienate,misdemeanor,resign
vaccinate,eulogize,artful,philately,immunize
vacillate,contuse,intrinsic,irk,hover
vacuous,ubiquitous,accustom,giddy,asinine
vacuum,drudgery,myth,facial,void
vagabond,originate,overshadow,palatial,drifter
vagrant,oculist,interrogative,moderation,drifter
vainglory,transmute,accurate,strait,boastfulness
vapid,pseudonymity,dogmatize,precision,bland
variance,satire,disjunctive,irrefragable,discrepancy
variation,recline,tremulous,epizootic,fluctuation
variegate,felicity,abomination,gourmand,motley
vassal,maharaja,sergeant,commentary,liege
vaudeville,theocracy,entail,herbarium,music hall
vegetation,interlocutor,keepsake,pompous,flora
vehement,contemporary,immaterial,tolerance,fierce
velocity,distiller,tranquil,deject,speed
venal,paraphernalia,unavoidable,allay,corruptible
vendible,misrule,telltale,cosmology,marketable
vendition,giver,pastoral,protege,peddling
vendor,triplicate,tremor,retrograde,seller
veneer,aggravate,foreknowledge,felicitate,facing
venerable,determination,baffle,impede,august
venerate,inconstant,overpass,aborigines,reverence
venereal,noticeable,witchcraft,theocrasy,genital
venial,admonish,befriend,circumnavigate,minor
venom,enlighten,bailiff,succumb,malice
veracious,depositor,abdominal,detest,right
verbiage,competence,anxious,refusal,wording
verbose,dearth,gauge,dwindle,long-winded
verification,limitation,plurality,orthopedist,confirmation
verify,forecourt,static,ought,control
verity,socialism,cauterize,appropriate,truth
vermin,caprice,underling,hindmost,varmint
vernacular,enshrine,kiln,trait,slang
vernal,scribe,loathe,docile,youthful
vertex,incoercible,querulous,illegal,peak
vertical,vale,vertical,enkindle,upright
vertigo,jurisprudence,imply,biography,dizziness
vestige,indiscriminate,beget,hoodwink,trace
vie,philosophize,chasten,prowess,compete
vigilance,repugnant,perpendicular,obdurate,watchfulness
vigilant,analyst,obstetrician,cursive,argus-eyed
vignette,consensus,recur,inexperience,sketch
vincible,nationality,repress,misdeed,beatable
vindicate,faction,invalid,typographical,justify
vindicatory,effusion,sear,unconscious,retaliatory
violator,infuse,unction,allay,lawbreaker
violation,triplicity,wretchedness,recognize,misdemeanor
violoncello,obstruct,cygnet,philology,cello
virago,intelligible,overhang,esthetic,amazon
virile,retention,occident,despot,male
virtu,magnate,expediency,innuendo,vertu
virtual,commemorate,hydromechanics,amorous,practical
virtuoso,legitimacy,approbation,populace,ace
virulent,detest,senile,quadruple,deadly
visage,pique,extrajudicial,derision,countenance
vista,aqueduct,swarthy,sidelong,view
visual,decimal,disappoint,employer,ocular
visualize,contemporaneous,critique,clemency,project
vitality,inception,ecstasy,abominable,verve
vitiate,autumnal,bowler,cameo,corrupt
vivify,incombustible,caitiff,distill,animate
vocable,suave,irrigate,malignant,spoken word
vociferate,outreach,frightful,detriment,shout out
vociferous,intervale,excruciate,audible,blatant
vogue,apostle,ebullient,annotate,trend
volatile,legalize,rejoin,machinist,explosive
volition,misanthropic,species,gratuitous,will
voracious,hydromechanics,duet,palpable,rapacious
vulgarity,floe,operetta,proctor,coarseness
waif,laundress,vainglory,acquaint,street child
waistcoat,addle,superintendence,privy,vest
waive,mordacious,tannery,meticulous,relinquish
wampum,laud,exegesis,immutable,boodle
wane,crevice,descendant,peerage,ebb
wantonness,tact,competent,gambol,abandon
warlike,prosaic,eminent,translucence,militant
wavelet,plurality,grenadier,demonstrable,ripple
weal,ado,sufferance,propaganda,wale
wearisome,malaria,vernacular,requital,boring
wee,quietus,fabricate,deport,make
whet,studious,magnate,liable,quicken
whimsical,nestle,languid,migrant,capricious
whine,phosphorescence,subjection,theology,snivel
wile,confront,appropriate,tutelar,trickery
wintry,intrude,ingenuity,angelic,frigid
wiry,imbrue,entomology,illiterate,stringy
witless,pentagon,freethinker,predicament,senseless
witticism,disjunctive,haggard,somnolent,humor
wizen,accursed,eventual,specious,shriveled
workmanship,interlocutor,concussion,veracity,craft
wrangle,refute,opportunity,dissolution,quarrel
wreak,hypodermic,licit,unison,bring
wretchedness,paucity,decapitate,transient,misery
writhe,periodicity,misdemeanor,premier,wrestle
writing,vindicatory,superfluity,incontrovertible,authorship
wry,estimable,legging,moderation,dry
yearling,secondary,oculist,pentavalent,toddler
zephyr,votary,scoundrel,hirsute,breeze